Game Boy Micro was the last Game Boy handheld by Nintendo .
The name of the event was changed to the British Empire and Commonwealth Games and the flag was retired as a result .
It was started in 1923 by Walt Disney and his brother , Roy Oliver Disney , as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio . It had the name of Walt Disney Productions from the 1930s to early 1986 .
Furthermore , due to the intervention of the Agency , about 200,000 prisoners were exchanged between the warring parties , released from captivity and returned to their home country .
Soon fans began writing letters to each other , and then grouping their comments together in informal publications that became known as fanzines .
She has written more than 30 books for all ages , and has won many awards , including the Children 's Book Council Of Australia Book of the Year Award three times , the Victorian Premier 's Literary Award , the Aurealis Award for Science Fiction , the IBBY Australia Ena Noel Encouragement Award , and the Davitt Award for Crime Fiction .
In 2001 , UK music magazine Kerrang !
Joining the Russian leading the field was An-Sophie Mestach , Irina Khromacheva and MÃ nica Puig .
Barthold read in Dutch , German , English , and French , anytime and at a tremendous pace .
It maintained much of its autonomy , however , until the Italic Revolt against Rome at the beginning of the 1st century BC .
Recently , the Adrar des Ifoghas has become popular for hiking .
Whedon approached Nathan Fillion to play the lead role of Malcolm Reynolds ; after explaining the premise and showing Fillion the treatment for the pilot , Fillion was eager for the role .
A male horse can be crossed with a female donkey -LRB- jennet or jenny -RRB- to produce a hinny .
This work was completed by July 1936 and in September , Lew was moved by rail to Swansea and then shipped to South America where Lew just disappeared .
The pair competed in a nature quiz tiebreaker , the loser of which was eliminated .
A proposal to amend Zanzibarâ s laws to allow rival parties to form governments of national unity was adopted by 66.4 per cent of voters , after official results of a referendum which was held on July 31 , 2010 .
Blanquefort -LRB- French -RRB- or BlancafÃ rt -LRB- Gascon -RRB- is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France . Blanquefort is an outlying commune of the Bordeaux agglomeration .
Danny works as a operator for a newspaper stand and Peggy is sad when her dreams of a dancer are dashed .
Marchais , Aisne is a commune .
The crust and underlying relatively rigid uppermost mantle make up the lithosphere .
This category contains backlogs which need to be dealt with .
The passage of water is controlled by sluice gates that allow maintenance and some measure of flood control ; large mill complexes may have dozens of sluices controlling complicated interconnected races that feed multiple buildings and industrial processes .
She and Sura have a daughter , Iris Sura O'Connor -LRB- born March 19 , 2006 -RRB- .
The end of the Viking Age in Norway is marked by the Battle of Stiklestad in 1030 .
All British people who were in Germany were sent to the Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin .
As a consequence Istria has been the theater of an ethnic struggle between them , with bloody nationalistic wars , during the XIX and XX centuries .
The type genus is Galega .
Situated outside the village on the way to Brooks\/Bettws is the village bowling green which is used regularly .
Fogo -LRB- Portuguese for `` fire '' -RRB- is a volcanic island in the Sotavento group of Cape Verde .
SADR was proclaimed by the Polisario Front on February 27 , 1976 in Bir Lehlu , Western Sahara .
Molecular systematics is a product of the traditional field of systematics and molecular genetics . It is the process of using data on the molecular constitution of biological organisms ' DNA , RNA , or both , in order to resolve questions in systematics , i.e. about their correct scientific classification or taxonomy from the point of view of evolutionary biology .
Cargo activities are done by the Emirates Group 's Emirates SkyCargo division .
People reported that trains and houses were being searched for ` Anastasia Romanov ' by soldiers and secret police .
Hickman is a city in Fulton County , Kentucky , United States .
Fellsmere is a city of Florida in the United States .
Several islands are located in the gulf ; the largest is GonÃ cents ve Island , followed by the much smaller Cayemites .
Hoppe was the eventual winner with a final score in of 600 -- 527 .
The success of both expanded the console video game market and its demographics .
-LRB- M. Saryan -RRB-
DNA polymerase can only add deoxyribonucleotides to the 3 ' end of a new piece of DNA , so DNA is always made in the 5 ' -3 ' direction .
Perch is a type of fish .
Higher education in the city can be traced back to the second half of the 18th century whenthe ownership of the city was inherited by Field Crown Hetman Jan Klemens Branicki .
On May 8 , 1942 , the Nazis conducted an Aktion in which many Jews were rounded up and transported to a death camp .
2020 -LRB- MMXX -RRB- will be a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar .
The company has annual sales of over $ 5.84 billion .
Below is the list of Wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the Miami Heat NBA team .
It has direct flights to London , New York and Miami and seasonal flights to Charlotte , North Carolina , Atlanta , Georgia and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in addition to other major cities in the U.S.A. and Canada during the tourist season .
jpg thumb -LRB- 450x600 -RRB- px right LeAnn Rimes -RRB- -RRB- Margaret LeAnn Rimes , known as simply LeAnn Rimes , is an American country singer-songwriter and actress notable for rich vocals matching that of Patsy Cline .
It is made by reacting manganese -LRB- II -RRB- carbonate or manganese -LRB- II -RRB- oxide with hydrofluoric acid .
Bangui is home to the University of Bangui . It was founded in 1970 .
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture .
Paterson , an alumnus of The Catholic University of America , held a special advance screening of the film for members of the CUA community at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring , Maryland on February 1 , 2007 .
Even though the basic ideas of advanced footnote-formatting are simple , there are many people who will fight against indenting the footnote coding -LRB- yet readily accept infoboxes with indented parameters coded down the page -RRB- .
The gallery was started in 1897 , as the National Gallery of British Art .
In 1813 his family , including Dorothy , moved to Rydal Mount , Ambleside -LRB- between Grasmere and Rydal Water -RRB- , where he spent the rest of his life .
In 1834 for the first time a constitution was adapted , undergoing reforms in 1876 and 1908 .
The company is well known for its sandal and flip flop selection .
To get an acceptable typesetting result some page elements need to be displayed differently .
McIlrath is known to support animal rights and actively promotes PETA with his band .
Embedded systems often reside in machines that are expected to run continuously for years without errors , and in some cases recover by themselves if an error occurs .
This makes potassium manganate . Normally the potassium manganate is converted to potassium permanganate .
As early as 2002 , the CD Miss Fortune by singer-songwriter Allison Moorer was released with a sticker stating that `` Absolutely no vocal tuning or pitch correction was used in the making of this record '' .
He was the first British monarch of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , which was renamed the House of Windsor by his son , George V.
A special territory of Chile that was annexed in 1888 , Easter Island is famous for its 887 extant monumental statues , called moai , created by the early Rapanui people .
Intrigued , he begins to make more holes , as days go by and they do more photo sessions .
In it , Budai is said to travel giving candy to poor children , only asking a penny from Zen monks or lay practitioners he meets .
An April 2008 poll by SurveyUSA estimated that at least 18 million American adults had been rickrolled .
Lili lasted until December 24 .
Modifications approved by the FIA and FIM were made to the former Formula One circuit . The new circuit now has 16 turns .
Orwell 's text has a `` Selected Bibliography '' , pp .
Dudamel is also the artistic director of the Orquesta SinfÃ nica SimÃ n BolÃ var in Caracas , Venezuela .
In 2002 , former Champ Car Champion Juan Pablo Montoya set pole position for the Formula One Grand Prix with a lap time of 1:12.836 .
The 39 Clues is a series of ten adventure books written by seven authors .
Consonant letters in the English alphabet are B , C , D , F , G , H , J , K , L , M , N , P , Q , R , S , T , V , X , Z , and usually W and Y : The letter Y stands for the consonant -LRB- j -RRB- in `` yoke '' , and for the vowel -LRB- É -RRB- in `` myth '' , for example ; W is almost always a consonant except in rare words -LRB- mostly loanwords from Welsh -RRB- like `` crwth '' `` cwm '' .
Ã lvaro Arbeloa -LRB- born 17 January 1983 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Real Madrid and Spain national team .
Fives is not the same as Long Fives , which is played in a real tennis court .
Masakazu Washida -LRB- born 15 November 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The name recalls the 1928 novel Belle de jour by Joseph Kessel and the 1967 movie , Belle de jour , starring Catherine Deneuve , directed by Luis BuÃ uel .
Also in 1842 , St Mary 's School -LRB- the oldest continuously operating Catholic school in Victoria -RRB- was started in a small timber chapel with a wood shingle roof .
Unsafe abortions often occur where abortion is illegal .
Green Park tube station is a London Underground station located on the north side of Green Park , close to the intersection of Piccadilly and the pedestrian Queen 's Walk .
The main reason to use a transformer is to make power of one voltage into power of another voltage .
Krumbach , Swabia -LRB- district -RRB- was until 1972\/07\/01 a district in Swabia in the southwest of Bavaria , Germany .
Ernst ThÃ lmann was imprisoned there before being deported to Buchenwald .
Jobs also previously served as chief executive of Pixar Animation Studios ; he became a member of the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company in 2006 , following the acquisition of Pixar by Disney .
: \* Longitudinal Centre of Floatation -LRB- LCF -RRB- is the longitudinal distance from a point of reference -LRB- often Midships -RRB- to the center of the area of waterplane when the hull is not moving .
The most popular sports team is the boy 's rugby and hockey team .
Erode is a city , an urban agglomeration , a municipal corporation and headquarters of the Erode district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
As a consequence , the Vatican allowed secret consecration of bishops .
WWE has been said to have spent an estimated $ 300,000 on the fireworks alone .
In September 1917 , the Ottomans caught her carrier pigeon with a message to the British and decrypted the Nili code .
There were a total of 53 confirmed tornadoes -- 18 in Georgia , 10 in Mississippi , 10 in Alabama , and 5 each in Florida , Virginia , and Pennsylvania .
Neal Leon Cassady -LRB- February 8 , 1926 -- February 4 , 1968 -RRB- was a major figure of the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the psychedelic movement of the 1960s , perhaps best known for being characterized as Dean Moriarty in Jack Kerouac 's novel On the Road .
Two gametes -LRB- originating from different organisms of the same species or from the same organism -RRB- fuse to produce a zygote , which develops into a diploid sporophyte .
Album includes two duets , `` Hay Hay '' and `` Nereye BÃ yle '' with popstar Tarkan .
The triple point of water or any substance is the combination of temperature and pressure at which it exists in its solid , liquid , and gaseous state all at once , in equilibrium .
Not because of SNL , but because I wanted to devote my life to improv .
The institution changed name a few times : from April to December 1897 it was called a `` Club de Esgrima '' -LRB- in English , `` Fencing Club '' -RRB- because fencing was the only activity practiced at that moment .
Scotch pancakes often have sugar in the batter .
They are known by railway enthusiasts as `` Choppers '' , a name derived from the distinctive beat the engine produces under load which resembles the sound of a helicopter .
Many epidemiologists are physicians , or hold graduate degrees such as a Master of Public Health -LRB- MPH -RRB- , Master of Science or Epidemiology -LRB- MSc . -RRB- .
Only a small number of hanja characters are modified or unique to Korean .
While the management of daily operations is the responsibility of the NHLPA Executive Director , the ultimate control over all NHLPA activities resides with the players , who each year elect representatives in order to form an Executive Board .
On 13 June 1941 , breakaway factions of the National Conference revived the Muslim Conference under the leadership of Choudry Ghualm Abbas .
Doenjang -LRB- or -LRB- twendÊ ` aÅ -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- or Doenzang or Bean paste -RRB- is a traditional Korean fermented soybean paste . Its name literally means `` thick paste '' in Korean .
A thermodynamic state is the macroscopic condition of a thermodynamic system as described by its particular thermodynamic parameters .
The important rivers that flow through the province , are the Trang River and Palian River . The rivers flow between the Khao Luang the Banthat mountain ranges .
The name Geysir itself is derived from the Icelandic verb geysa , `` to gush '' , the verb from Old Norse .
She was the daughter of a well known brass worker -LRB- and amateur harpist -RRB- in the city .
Angel food cake is an example of cake that became popular in the United States in the 19th century . It is also called angel cake .
Only the dimensions of the cross are formally established since 1889 : `` The coat of arms of the federation is , within a red field , an upright white cross , whose -LRB- four -RRB- arms of equal length are a sixth longer than their width . ''
In the north the locality includes the neighborhoods of BÃ 1\/4 rknersfelde and Ahrensfelde , an overbuilt strip of land which once belonged to the Brandenburg municipality of Ahrensfelde and was incorporated into Berlin in 1990 .
The positron is identical to the electron except that it carries electrical and other charges of the opposite sign .
Later satellite imaging has revealed further remains .
Historically the dining room is furnished with a rather large dining table and a number of dining chairs ; the most common table shape is generally rectangular with two armed end chairs and an even number of un-armed side chairs along the long sides .
It is twinned with the village of Farnsfield , Nottinghamshire .
Cider apples are usually too tart to eat immediately . However , they give cider a rich flavor that dessert apples can not .
Galileo 's Sidereus Nuncius -LRB- Starry Messenger -RRB- , which announced celestial observations through his telescope , does not mention Copernican heliocentrism , a theory that placed the Sun at the center of the universe .
The hypothetical Q document is seen as a source for some of the parables in Matthew , Luke , and Thomas .
Daiki Iwamasa -LRB- born 30 January 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kashima Antlers and Japan national team .
With Partition , the Pakistani rupee came into existence , initially using Indian coins and Indian currency notes simply overstamped with `` Pakistan '' .
In this and other tribes , the measure of manhood is actually associated more with the amount of ejaculate and his need than penis size .
He was elected with a narrow majority of 50.31 % in the 2008 Serbian presidential elections .
In most countries kindergarten is part of the pre-school system . In North America and some parts of Australia kindergarten is the first year of school .
Signed by Simon Cowell , they enjoyed fair success worldwide , but particularly in the UK , parts of Europe , Russia , parts of Asia , Brazil , Israel , Australia , New Zealand and USA .
Geltwil is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
These killings could also involve the relatives of an offender .
In the Household Cavalry , the equivalent appointment is Lance-Corporal of Horse .
Published every day except Sunday , it covers the towns and communities of the Fylde coast .
Computers intended for the time-sharing or real-time markets are often equipped with a hardware lock -LRB- or hard lock -RRB- which guarantees exclusive access to processes .
The islands have had a unitary authority council since 1890 , and are separate from the Cornwall unitary authority , but some services are combined with Cornwall and the islands are still part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall .
Boa constrictor is a non-venomous Boa species .
It was there that he met Philip Larkin , with whom he formed the most important friendship of his life .
Mazingarbe is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
So it links environment to social forces and institutions and the cultural values that sustain and contest them .
The Smithsonian Institution was founded for the `` increase and diffusion of knowledge '' from a bequest to the United States by the British scientist James Smithson -LRB- 1765 â `` 1829 -RRB- , who never visited the new nation .
Duchess Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz -LRB- Luise Auguste Wilhelmine Amalie ; 10 March 1776 -- 19 July 1810 -RRB- was Queen consort of Prussia as the wife of King Frederick William III .
Rhynchosaurs were a group of Triassic diapsid reptiles related to the archosaurs .
He showed up at the Battle of the Alamo on February 8 .
Tetsuya Okayama -LRB- born 27 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
During his Ascension Day sermon on May 4 , 1497 , bands of youths rioted , and the riot became a revolt : dancing and singing taverns reopened , and men again dared to gamble publicly .
This highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms , Nagar -LRB- immediately south of Hunza -RRB- in the west with Baltistan in the east .
The resort is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company through its Parks and Resorts division and is home to two theme parks , three hotels and a shopping , dining , and entertainment area .
Monceaux-en-Bessin is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
A breeches role -LRB- also pants role or trouser role , travesti or `` hosenrolle '' -RRB- is a role in which an actress appears in male clothing -LRB- breeches being tight-fitting knee-length pants , the standard male garment at the time breeches roles were introduced -RRB- .
Yoshiharu Ueno -LRB- , born April 21 , 1973 in Saitama , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player who played for the J-league team Yokohama F. Marinos .
DZRH Television or RHTV is a 24-hour cable channel of Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines .
Mountain Ash are found in cool , deep soiled , mountain areas to 1000 m above sea level , with high rainfall of over 1200 m each year .
Rignieux-le-Franc is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Buironfosse is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The period of Greek history from about 1600 BC to about 1100 BC is called Mycenaean in reference to Mycenae .
Bartolo and the Count start arguing . Basilio , Figaro and Berta appear and the noise is heard by the Officer of the Watch and his men .
Saint-P Ã ray is a town and commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part France .
This term had originated from the reported prevalence of these skin tones among the Igbo but eastern Nigerian influences may not be strictly Igbo .
Addis Ababa University was founded in 1950 and was originally named `` University College of Addis Ababa '' , then renamed in 1962 for the former Ethiopian emperor Haile Selassie I who had donated his Genete Leul Palace to be the University main campus in the previous year .
These include Kalasha-mun , Palula , Dameli , Gawar-Bati , Nuristani , Yidgha , Burushaski , Gujar , Wakhi , Kyrgyz , Persian and Pashto .
Another treasure of the cathedral is an equestrian statue called the Bamberg Horseman -LRB- Bamberger Reiter -RRB- .
Froidchapelle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
This bell iron and lead statue was made to honor a record-setting milk production by a Holstein -LRB- Friesian -RRB- cow named Snow Countess .
Northanger Abbey was the first novel by Jane Austen .
The Chevrolet Astro is a rear-wheel drive mid-sized van introduced by Chevrolet in 1985 to rival domestic -LRB- American -RRB- competitors the Dodge Caravan\/Plymouth Voyager twins and the Japanese Toyota Van .
Only mainline , overground or overland railway stations belong in this category , with subcategories for those which serve only the London Underground , or the Docklands Light Railway .
The office of Preacher of Lincoln 's Inn or Preacher to Lincoln 's Inn is a clerical office in the Church of England .
Only the foundations of what was an historical site remain .
A workaround then is to express the value to be inflated with less digits , adding a multiplier text such as `` million '' after the result , and then hitting the `` Show preview '' button as many times as needed , changing parameters until the best result is found :
Once first and second votes were taken into account Johnson had 1,168,738 votes , Livingstone 1,028,966 - a margin of 139 , 772 votes or just over 6 % of those who voted .
Jays are some of the more smart birds .
James , along with Mr. Kennedy and Josh Mathews , represented WWE at the 2008 Republican National Convention in an effort to persuade fans to register to vote in the 2008 Presidential election .
Freital is the biggest town in the SÃ chsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
It is the administrative headquarters of Jaisalmer District .
This is a list of the episodes of the CBS television sitcom The Nanny .
Erich Maria Remarque -LRB- June 22 , 1898 â `` September 25 , 1970 -RRB- was the pseudonym of Erich Paul Remark , a German author .
She starred in the films Pearl Harbor -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Underworld -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and Van Helsing -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
Aung San Suu Kyi returned to Burma in 1988 to take care of her sick mother .
Remember to use the '' '' -LRB- pipe -RRB- character between each parameter .
Pioneer is a city in Humboldt County , Iowa , United States .
Wind engineering analyses effects of wind in the natural and the built environment and studies the possible damage , inconvenience or benefits which may result from wind .
He played the deciding game , but his team fell short of winning the Alberta title with a 3 â `` 1 loss to Currie Army .
If a template is to be always used in a particular namespace and never in another , it is also possible to set to any of , , or -LRB- all case-insensitive -RRB- to specify the messagebox type typical for that namespace or namespace family such that it will never change from that type .
The Bruins would defeat Winnipeg to advance to the Western title series against Lethbridge , Alberta .
The Supreme court or highest court in the territory is Court of Final Appeal -LRB- Macau -RRB- .
This situation was mirrored in Abkhazia , an Autonomous Republic within Georgia in the USSR , where the Abkhazian minority seceded from Georgia in a war in the early 1990s . Similar to South Ossetia , most of Abkhazia was controlled by an unrecognised government , while Georgia controlled other parts .
Blangy-le-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Flora , and the whole Flora family generally , are good candidates for being the parent bodies of the L chondrite meteorites .
This is important to know when designing the interfaces for objects that need to be used in an emergency situation , like emergency brakes , or emergency phones .
Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003 , which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname G of the Bang .
In August 1987 , at the annual B.C. Classic hosted at a Holiday Inn in Binghamton , New York , Balukas was slated for competition in both divisions .
He was the only child of Georg Friedrich Kellner , a baker from the village of Arnstadt in Thuringia , and Barbara Wilhelmine Vaigle from Bissingen .
The ANC was founded in direct response to what was seen as injustices against black South Africans at the hands of their white , mostly Afrikaner government .
Dorothea Mackellar wrote her famous poem My Country -LRB- popularly known as I Love a Sunburnt Country -RRB- about her family 's farm near Gunnedah .
These became part of the West Midlands metropolitan county following local government re-organisation in 1974 .
Climate The city has a Warm Summer Continental or Hemiboreal climate -LRB- Dfb -RRB- according to the KÃ ppen climate classification system , which is characterized by warm temperatures during summer and long and frosty winters .
Several movies have been made about the Moulin Rouge .
Caan escaped via another temporal shift .
He was also the first undisputed man to reach 114 and 115 years of age .
IQ tests are re-normalized periodically to hold the average score for an age group at 100 .
Other attempts to find other `` implied rights '' in High Court cases have not been successful .
In 1982 they grew a culture of H. pylori . They worked on their idea that there was a bacterial cause of peptic ulcer and stomach cancer .
Opwijk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
In the Quarterly Review in 1821 another review came out . Richard Whately was an English writer and theologican .
In her early teens she bought her own guitar and started writing own songs . At the age of eleven she wrote a song called `` Freight train '' , which was later her signature song .
The total number of Senators is set at 48 by the Oklahoma Constitution .
From November 1860 through to June 1861 anti-Chinese miners attacked Chinese gold miners in the area , now known as the infamous Lambing Flat riots .
Hoji is said to have haunted this stone in the Japanese prefecture of Nasu until a Buddhist priest called Genno stopped for a rest near the stone and was threatened by Hoji .
The Thai language is the national and official language of Thailand and the first language of the Thai people , Thailand 's main ethnic group .
Marlboro ended their sponsorship of the team in , which ended the famous red and white McLaren livery .
The wild rock pigeon from which these birds are bred also has this homing ability . This means that it will generally return to its own nest and its own mate .
Because of copyright laws in a number of countries , there are relatively few images available for use in Wikipedia .
Despite Jefferson 's approval of and attempt to distribute Madison 's work , the national reaction was tepid .
Chang 's most famous match took place at the 1989 French Open -LRB- on the way to winning his only Grand Slam singles title -RRB- . In the fourth round , he faced the World No. 1 , reigning Australian Open champion , and three-time former French Open champion Ivan Lendl .
Brian Southam writes about these reviewers : `` their job was merely to provide brief -LRB- short -RRB- notices , extended with quotations , for the benefit -LRB- good -RRB- of women readers compiling their library lists and interested only in knowing whether they would like a book for its story , its characters and moral '' .
Le Courrier , founded in 1868 , was originally supported by the Roman Catholic Church , but has been completely independent since 1996 .
These include encouraging editors to cite reliable sources , as well as recent changes patrolling for vandalism .
Addison is a city in Dallas County , Texas -LRB- United States -RRB- .
The song mostly stays in a minor key and achieves a thick sound through its double-tracked vocal , reverbed guitars , and busy drumming .
However , other Protestants supported the stance taken by the Catholics , and in 1617 , Ferdinand was duly elected by the Bohemian estates to become the Crown Prince , and automatically upon the death of Matthias , the next King of Bohemia .
The presidents of Bolivia , Paraguay , and Ecuador were present when the earthquake occurred , however , the television footage showed that the inauguration was not interrupted .
Oeschgen is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Since then , it has become a central argument on the part of some prominent legal abortion advocates .
After having convicted and sentenced to death three witches , Bromley may have been keen to avoid any suspicion of credulity by presenting his `` masterful exposure '' of the evidence presented by Grace Sowerbutts , before turning his attention back to the remainder of the Pendle witches .
Wilder had become ill during filming , and explained , `` We were in mid-flight â `` and there was a nut on the plane . ''
Above it is a bar which shows two flowers on the sides and two cotton bolls in the center .
He reigned from 1670 to 1723 , and was the elder son of Grand Duke Ferdinando II of Tuscany .
Google search consists of a series of localized websites .
It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Association Sportive SONABEL .
It had been known as MS Lindblad Explorer -LRB- â `` 1985 -RRB- and MS Society Explorer -LRB- â `` 1992 -RRB- .
On 30 October 1975 , the New York Daily News reported the event with the headline as `` Ford to City : Drop Dead '' .
The Immortality-test variation of the Turing test would determine if a person 's essential character is reproduced with enough fidelity to make it impossible to distinguish a reproduction of a person from the original person . The Total Turing test variation of the Turing test adds two further requirements to the traditional Turing test .
August proved a very good month for Norwegian allrounder Edvald Boasson Hagen , with two stage wins and a podium finish in the Tour of Poland and two more stage wins and the GC win in the Eneco Tour .
Loganiaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Gentianales , containing about 21 genera .
It is intended to be paired with and uses the same arguments .
David Brandes -LRB- born December 9 , 1968 in Basle as David BrÃ ndle -RRB- is a Swiss-born German songwriter and producer .
In 1890 Peechelba Town office opened , closing in 1969 .
Besides the various types of sports competitions , there are competitions among the cheering teams .
Deacons in Protestant churches are allowed to marry .
On September 19 , a gale destroyed 11 schooners from Marblehead , Massachusetts , and took 65 lives .
The album included a number of hit singles , including `` Tearin ' Up My Heart '' .
The image may be projected onto a translucent screen for real-time viewing -LRB- popular for observing solar eclipses ; see also camera obscura -RRB- , or can expose photographic film or a charge coupled device -LRB- CCD -RRB- .
Upon entering the camp , the partisans found only ruins , soot , smoke , and dead bodies .
The city of Galveston reported 7 Â 3\/4 inches of rain , Liberty reported 9 Â 1\/2 inches , and Greens Bayou reported almost 10 inches of rain . Centerville reported over 8 inches with Normangee and Noxia reporting over 7 inches .
The same year , in an effort to increase the compatibility between the two systems , Linux Mint decided to abandon its code-base and changed the way it built its releases . Starting with version 6 `` Felicia '' each release was now completely based on the latest Ubuntu release , built directly from it , timed for approximately one month after the corresponding Ubuntu release -LRB- i.e. usually in May and November -RRB- .
Other canine vaccines include canine distemper , canine parvovirus , infectious canine hepatitis , adenovirus-2 , leptospirosis , bordatella , canine parainfluenza virus , and Lyme disease among others .
Boulages is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Flag of Florida is a white flag with the Seal of Florida centered on it .
A heterogeneous mixture is a type of mixture in which the components can easily be identified , as there are two or more phases present .
Scholars today are not in agreement as to what exactly Sabellius or Praxeus taught .
Hans GÃ ran Persson -LRB- born 20 January 1949 -RRB- was the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1996 to 2006 and the leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party from 1996 to 2007 .
She received a D. Litt .
The Keretapi Tanah Melayu from Malaysia has a passing loop station here along its rail network from Johor Bahru to Tanjong Pagar .
Marc Overmars -LRB- born 29 March 1973 in Emst , Gelderland -RRB- is a retired Dutch footballer .
The population grew from around 1,200 -LRB- 235 families -RRB- in 1889 to 1,580 in 1897 .
Here is what this template does .
Belmont 's first task was to campaign for James Buchanan in New York .
There are 2 sports days every year .
He plays as on the wing .
James Smith 's own plant collection is also kept by the Society .
The Standard Model recognizes two types of elementary fermions : quarks and leptons .
There does not yet appear to be a consensus ; in a review article , Roger and Simpson conclude that `` with the current pace of change in our understanding of the eukaryote tree of life , we should proceed with caution . ''
In February 1945 , additional attacks followed .
Overnight , at the age of just 22 , he became the `` fourth most successful British professional in history '' , said The Independent .
There is an earthquake , tombs break open , and the curtain in the Temple is torn from top to bottom .
This fairly small eruption took place because of a new lava dome being formed and a 2.5 magnitude earthquake .
MÃ rignac , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Though not popular , herring roe is sold within many British supermarkets .
Opposing mainstream music is the music of subcultures .
Kanotix , also referred to as KANOTIX , is a Linux distribution Live CD -LRB- LiveDistro -RRB- based on Debian -LRB- until 2006 unstable , in 2007 KANOTIX moved to Debian Etch -RRB- with advanced hardware detection .
Evelyn started her professional career as an oboist in the Drury Lane orchestra .
The amended Report passed the House of Delegates on January 7 by a margin of 60 to 40 .
The Old Schwamb Mill is the oldest continuously operating mill site in the United States .
Eukaryotic cell division either involves mitosis or a more complex process called meiosis .
The oldest part of Kaunas city is the Old Town located to the east of the confluence of the Nemunas and Neris rivers .
Amaranth is a reddish-rose color that is a representation of the color of the flower of the amaranth plant . The color shown is the color of the red amaranth flower -LRB- the color normally considered amaranth -RRB- , but there are other varieties of amaranth that have other colors of amaranth flowers ; these colors are also shown below .
It is mainly dominated by Longevity Hill -LRB- 60 meters high -RRB- and the Kunming Lake .
Cagnes-sur-Mer is a commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Chloroplasts are one of the many different types of organelles in the plant cell .
Early companies were based on the extraction and getting minerals and agricultural things .
St. Anne 's is a uniform school , the only in the region and school board .
Ferney-Voltaire is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Yet , because a wikitable is coded in markup language , the columns can not simply be dragged across the screen as with a column-oriented editor .
In April 1938 he was retired , but Taoiseach Ã amon de Valera appointed him to Seanad Ã ireann .
The 2000 census shows that 79.9 % of Syrian Americans speak English `` very well '' .
On October 12 , she appeared in OVW under her real name and finished the year on the losing end of matches against Martinez and Jillian Hall .
Grundy Center is a city of Iowa in the United States .
This is the HTML color code for the neutral color of the tropical cyclone statistics tables .
He was the first Governor of New York , and then the fourth Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1805-1812 -RRB- , serving under Presidents Thomas Jefferson and James Madison .
Island Air is a small airline in the Cayman Islands providing services between Grand Cayman , Cayman Brac , and Little Cayman .
MonseÃ or Nouel is a province of the Dominican Republic .
and ECW announced a talent sharing agreement that made it where talent from either brand 's roster can compete on both brands .
You appeared to me today in a dream .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard , et al . in 2001 , and given the temporary designation ' .
Wrought iron is tough , malleable , ductile and easily welded .
Standard TeX does not provide a WYSIWYG interface , though there are programs such as LyX and Scientific Workplace which provide one .
His mother , Ida Mabel Blair , grew up in Burma .
As the name implies , the cake originated in Dundee and is made with Scotch whisky .
Gel electrophoresis is a technique used for separating DNA of different sizes . This happens in a special gel electrophoresis machine , which is a rectangular shaped block of gel in a box containing a liquid -LRB- called buffer -RRB- and a voltage running through it from one electrode to another .
Sophie 's position became harder after Frederick 's death in 1588 . She had to join in a power struggle with the Rigsraad for control of King Christian .
It can not give an intensity . For this setup , an analog joystick can be `` self calibrated '' just by leaving the joystick in the middle position and taking a measurement , and then using some arbitrary or adaptive threshold to detect movement and excursion from the middle position .
The petal-like pattern in sand dollars consists of five paired rows of pores .
Many more radio stations can be picked up in Winston-Salem that are not located in Winston-Salem .
Cliff 's baby brother is rushed to the hospital with a severe illness .
The Emancipation Proclamation , issued on September 22 , 1862 and put into effect on January 1 , 1863 , freed slaves in territories not already under Union control .
Like many mythologies , it has in the past been believed to be , at least in part , a factual recording of history .
From the 1850s through to 1893 , when gold mining eventually came to an end , Clunes was an important gold production location in Victoria .
Standard time is putting all clocks in a time zone to the same time .
The Baiji -LRB- Chinese : ç 1\/2 é è ; pinyin : bÃ ijÃ tÃ n -RRB- called also Chinese River Dolphin -LRB- Lipotes vexillifer -RRB- is a river dolphin . It wass found only in the Yangtze River in China .
Though many other paleoartists have succeeded Knight -LRB- most notably ZdenÄ k Burian -RRB- Knightâ s paintings still remain very popular among paleontology enthusiasts .
In the bass clef it would be possible to do this without a ledger line , but because sight reading is easier when both staves look the same , it is not usually done in piano music .
The Kansas City Royals are a Major League Baseball team based in Kansas City , Missouri .
According to Dr. S.K. Kellet-Smith , `` bur '' refers to a storehouse - `` Burhou is just the place where a fisherman would place a depository for his gear '' .
He was also principal conductor of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra .
The earliest attested Semitic language , it used the cuneiform writing system derived ultimately from ancient Sumerian , an unrelated language isolate .
Akihabara is a district of Tokyo , famous for electrical items and anime .
\* -LRB- -LRB- ^ 0 -RRB- -RRB- 1 .
From November 1973 to December 1974 he worked for the Friedrich Ebert Foundation and became active in the SPD .
Francis spent some time in Paris making entirely monochromatic works , but his mature pieces are generally large oil paintings with splashed or splattered areas of bright contrasting color .
The United Nations designated 2011 the International Year of Forests and International Year of Chemistry .
The police set up a camp near two shepherd huts at Stringybark Creek in a heavily timbered area .
The taxonomy of the Gastropoda can be different from author to author . With the arrival of DNA sequencing , further revisions of the higher taxonomic levels are to be expected .
Plumbing fixtures are designed for the people who use the water .
Holiday 's autobiography , Lady Sings the Blues , was ghostwritten by William Dufty and published in 1956 .
Nobuo Kawaguchi -LRB- born 10 April 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Unlike sterilization , pasteurization is not intended to kill all microorganisms in the food , as compared to appertization , invented by Nicolas FranÃ ois Appert .
Please do n't protect this page , it 's still under constraction .
After leaving The Today Show , Pauley hosted Real Life with Jane Pauley and served as deputy anchor for NBC Nightly News .
Geographically , the Basseterre port is located at , on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island , and it is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands .
It was demonstrated at the UK Toy Fair in 2011 and it is to be released by the end of July .
Clint Eastwood plays the title role , in his first outing as San Francisco Police Department Inspector `` Dirty '' Harry Callahan .
Drivers who wish to drive in the Sprint Cup often race here first .
Vltava is a river which flows through the Czech Republic and its capital city , Prague . Composer BedÅ ich Smetana wrote a symphonic poem about this river , sometimes called `` The Moldau '' .
Artists working for fanzines have risen to prominence in the field , including Brad W. Foster , Teddy Harvia , and Joe Mayhew ; the Hugos include a category for Best Fan Artists .
The famous Wiradjuri warrior Windradyne came from the upper Macquarie River region . He was killed in a tribal battle alongside the river in 1829 .
Passing in any non-empty text will produce the same result , so as a matter of style , only pass in `` y '' -LRB- without quotes -RRB- .
He was created Duke of Connaught and Strathearn and Earl of Sussex in 1874 .
He currently plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
The current members are Deryck Whibley -LRB- lead vocals , rhythm guitar -RRB- , Jason McCaslin -LRB- bass guitar , backing vocals -RRB- , Steve Jocz -LRB- drums -RRB- and Tom Thacker -LRB- lead guitar , backing vocals -RRB- .
Persian lime -LRB- Citrus latifolia -RRB- , also known as Tahiti lime or Bearss lime -LRB- named after John T. Bearss , who developed this seedless variety about 1895 in his nursery at Porterville , California -RRB- , is a citrus fruit sold simply as a `` lime '' in the United States .
Fragaria Ã -- vescana is a plant in the family Rosaceae . It is a type of strawberry .
The Arabian ghoul is a desert-dwelling , shape shifting demon that can assume the guise of an animal , especially a hyena .
Augusto Righi -LRB- 27 August 1850 â `` 8 June 1920 -RRB- was an Italian physicist that was a big part in the study of electromagnetism .
The anticipated 1944 Winter Olympics , which would have been officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games -LRB- due to the cancellation of 1940 's V Olympic Winter Games -RRB- , were to be celebrated in February 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Gaetano Scirea -LRB- born 25 May 1953 - died 3 September 1989 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
However , egrets are not a biologically distinct group from the herons , and tend to be named differently because they are mainly white and\/or have decorative plumes .
Biberist is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Set in 1612 , it tells the story of the Russian peasant and patriotic hero Ivan Susanin who sacrifices his life for the Tsar by leading astray a group of marauding Poles who were hunting him . The Tsar himself followed the workâ s progress with interest and suggested the change in the title .
On July 26 , 2007 , Oda was arrested by the Osaka prefectural police for driving his moped under the influence of alcohol .
Still further west is the Tortugas Bank , which is completely submerged .
In the presence of water , thallium hydroxide is formed . Sulfuric and nitric acid dissolve thallium rapidly to make the sulfate and nitrate salts , while hydrochloric acid forms a insoluble thallium -LRB- I -RRB- chloride layer .
In other countries there are larger numbers of parties .
Lone Grove is a city in Carter County , Oklahoma , United States .
However , if the leaves are laid out flat to dry , they will crumble somewhat and become known as tencha .
Sumter County is a county located in the state of Florida .
They are often linked with one area -LRB- e.g. 6160 belongs only to Fremantle , Western Australia -RRB- .
These were replaced by a hurricane warning on September 10 , coinciding with the storm 's strengthening to hurricane intensity .
Under Harry S. Truman , the interior rooms were completely dismantled and a new internal load-bearing steel frame constructed inside the walls .
Tonkawa is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
O Mater Dei , memento mei .
After eight seasons in Thunder Bay , the Thunder Cats were bought , moved to Rockford , Illinois , and renamed the Rockford IceHogs in 1999 .
The Aryan race is the idea that the original speakers of the Indo-European languages and their descendants come from the same ancestors .
This changed in 1963 when the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must apportion seats in both houses according to population .
before his third birthday .
He was the current Shadow Justice Secretary , and is currently Minister of State for Police\/Justice , with his time split between the Home Office and the Ministry of Justice .
He lived briefly in France , where Simon Bussy painted his portrait , now in London 's National Portrait Gallery .
Antonio `` Tony '' Ramiro Romo -LRB- born April 22 , 1980 in San Diego , California -RRB- is an American football quarterback who plays for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League .
It is the sequel to the Japan-only Game Boy Advance title Rhythm Tengoku .
He was educated at the City of London School , and in April 1941 was admitted to St. John 's College , Oxford , where he read English .
It was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards for Best Novel in 1992 .
The division is along the line between Lake Constance and Lake Como , following the Rhine .
Ice hockey is most popular in areas that are sufficiently cold for natural reliable seasonal ice cover , such as the Czech Republic , Latvia , the Nordic countries -LRB- especially Finland and Sweden -RRB- , Russia , Slovakia , Germany , Austria , Switzerland but mostly known to be played in Canada .
But in elementary arithmetic this form is used rather often .
His work approached the traditional poetry and themes in a modern way , and is considered the founder of modern Spanish lyricism .
There has been some controversy about the two earliest drafts of the Address .
Keynes ' early romantic and sexual relationships were almost all with men .
Ammunition in the camp was also running low ; each man had no more than ten cartridges apiece .
Still 19 , he was part of the Great Britain team pursuit squad which won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne . Two years later , he won a silver medal for England in the individual pursuit at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Cardiff .
The bridge spans 549 f long across the creek .
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the third novel in the Harry Potter series written by J. K. Rowling .
In 1906 he became associated with the talented young Portuguese cellist Guilhermina Suggia , who studied with him and began to appear in concerts as Mme .
On hidden surveillance videos , he saw Gabe Watson removing them with bolt cutters and putting them into the trash , which Flinn then showed to media .
Frost returned to Amherst in 1927 .
Leominster is roughly 12 miles north of Hereford and 11 miles south of Ludlow .
Chamberlain died of bowel cancer on 9 November 1940 at the age of 71 .
Yttrium oxide is Y2O3 .
Some techniques here are beyond the basics described in the Wikipedia help-page `` Template '' which explains almost all basic options of template coding , also showing examples of each .
Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that the Father -LRB- a spirit -RRB- is united with Jesus -LRB- a man -RRB- as the Son of God .
It was an all-metal , high-winged monoplane powered by two 450 h Pratt & Whitney R-985 Wasp Jr. nine-cylinder , air-cooled radial engines mounted on the leading edge of high-set wings .
She learned some French , spelling , needlework , dancing , music , and probably drama .
The first half of the draft was televised live on TNN for two hours , as part of WWE -LRB- known then as the WWF -RRB- 's flagship program , Raw .
Chase & Status have had three number one tracks on the UK Dance Chart in 2007 with the double A-side `` Hurt You '' \/ `` Sell Me Your Soul '' , and in 2008 with `` Take Me Away '' \/ `` Judgement -LRB- Informer -RRB- '' .
Flavio Biondo , in Italia Illustrata -LRB- 1531 -RRB- thought it was invented by the Lombards after their invasion of Italy in the sixth century .
Bourdais ' next race at Le Mans would come in 2007 . He drove a factory-backed Peugeot 908 .
The conservative opposition criticized him for his supporting the republic and fulfilling too willingly the demands of the Western powers .
Apart from the 1046 k coastline along the Arabian Sea , Pakistan 's land borders a total of 6774 kâ '' 2430 k with Afghanistan , 523 k with China , 2912 k with India and 909 k with Iran .
He has written and performed with various other musicians from both underground music scenes and mainstream acts , including Vermeer , Augustine , Torrent , This Allure , Monarch , Venus Infers , and Jessica Dobson .
On May 15 , 1999 the Crew opened Columbus Crew Stadium , the first stadium built specifically for soccer in Major League Soccer , as the Crew beat the New England Revolution 2-0 before a sold-out crowd of 24,741 .
He published a description of this cell in 1865 .
The region is noted for its mild rainy climate and beautiful scenery .
Bearings may be classified broadly according to the motions they allow and according to their principle of operation as well as by the directions of applied loads they can handle .
Water vapor jets have been observed near the south pole of Saturn 's moon Enceladus , while nitrogen eruptions have been observed on Neptune 's moon Triton .
Thanatos ' sisters , the Keres , were the spirits of violent death . They were associated with deaths from battle , disease , accident , and murder .
Many semi-miraculous mythical tales were woven around HÄ fez after his death .
The 2006 series finale `` Army of Ghosts '' \/ `` Doomsday '' saw another squad of Dalek survivors from the old Empire , known as the Cult of Skaro , led by a black Dalek named `` Dalek Sec '' , that had survived the Time War by escaping into the Void between dimensions .
The Wall Street Journal critic Joe Morgenstern felt that despite the occasional misuse of enchantmentâ '' `` brief spasms of overproduced fantasy '' â '' the novel 's screen adaption was told with `` agreeable simplicity in between computer-generated monsters '' .
Prost won ahead of Capelli , Senna , Piquet , Berger and Patrese .
In January 2009 , Antony Gormley , creator of the Angel of the Northâ '' to which B of the Bang is often comparedâ '' spoke out in support of the sculpture , stating that , `` It is a great tribute to Manchester that this ground-breaking work was commissioned .
A gravitational slingshot , gravity assist maneuver or swing-by is the use of the relative movement and gravity of a planet to alter the path and speed of a spacecraft , typically in order to save fuel , time , and expense .
Her essays and articles have appeared in The New Yorker , The New York Times Book Review and The Times Literary Supplement .
She says that she went through as many as 20 auditions .
There are millions of different types of viruses , although only about 5,000 of them have been described in detail .
A skin disease rashes itching and dryness , crusting , flaking , blistering , cracking , oozing , or bleeding .
The Chinese characters that appear at the top of the show 's title card mean `` the divine medium who has descended upon the mortal world . ''
The upper frequency limit in humans -LRB- approximately 20 kHz -RRB- is due to limitations of the middle ear , which acts as a low-pass filter .
Bullets are generally designed to penetrate , deform , and\/or break apart .
U2 began performing in various venues in Ireland and eventually began developing a following .
The present day Aberdeenshire council area does not include the City of Aberdeen , now a separate council area , from which its name derives .
It is estimated that over Â # 30,000 -LRB- approaching Â # 11m in 2007 values -RRB- were spent during the 1540s , 50 % more than the construction of the entire Bridewell Palace .
In most species , both sexes have horns , but those of males tend to be larger .
Tommy Hawk often participates in the T-shirt toss and puck chuck at the United Center .
The expansion section would connect to the mall on all four levels , and an adjacent IKEA store via a second level bridge .
In 1910 , he moved to London where he became a messenger at a London firm of stock brokers , Horne and Company .
However for practical purposes , navigation above the southern terminus of the Trent and Mersey Canal -LRB- at Shardlow -RRB- is conducted on the canal , rather than on the river itself .
It is also a major international gateway hub for Delta Air Lines and American Airlines .
According to Williams , the name `` Paramore '' came from the maiden name of the mother of one of their first bass players .
This combination , and possibly the name as well , is thought to have been popularized in the mid-1890s in the United States .
Mobile browsers are made to display Web content in the best way for small screens on mobile devices .
Meanwhile , an evil fox named Farly comes and steals a hen from the barn .
Serial ATA -LRB- SATA or Serial Advanced Technology Attachment -RRB- is a computer bus interface for connecting host bus adapters to mass storage devices such as hard disk drives and optical drives .
The Bama Boyz -LRB- a.k.a the Bamaz -RRB- are a Grammy-nominated , Dove Award winning , American record production , songwriting , and artist trio , with Eddie â E-Trez â Smith III , Jesse J. Rankins , Jonathan D. Wells as members .
G major -LRB- or the key of G -RRB- is a major scale based on G , with the pitches G , A , B , C , D , E , and -LRB- -LRB- Fâ -LRB- musical note -RRB- F -RRB- -RRB- .
Officially , the Indian rupee has a market determined exchange rate .
The Los Angeles Clippers are a team in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
ValrÃ as is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
John Ray -LRB- 29 November 1627 -- 17 January 1705 -RRB- was an English naturalist , sometimes referred to as the father of English natural history .
Between 1907 and 2007 , Labor Prime Ministers exercised a predominant influence over who was elected to Labor ministries , although the leaders of the party factions also exercised considerable influence .
After the middle of the 12th century BC follows another long period of comparative neglect , but with the conquest of Babylonia by the Assyrian king Sargon II , at the close of the 8th century BC , we meet again with building inscriptions , and under Ashurbanipal , about the middle of the 7th century BC , we find Ekur restored with a splendor greater than ever before , the ziggurat of that period being 58 by 39 m. After the fall of the Neo Assyrian Empire Ekur appears to have gradually fallen into decay , until finally , in the Seleucid period , the ancient temple was turned into a fortress .
55.86 % were White , 0.71 % African American , 39.29 % Native American , 0.10 % Asian , 0.10 % Pacific Islander , 0.81 % from other races , and 3.13 % from two or more races .
The HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
However , aided by his old friend Ragozin and coach Abram Model , he leveled the score in Leningrad and the match was drawn .
La Pommeraye is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Lipovu is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
It is the largest senior system of higher education in the United States .
Father of Augustus and Julius Henry
This theory postulates that the first self-replicating object was lipid-like .
It is produced with high efficiency by reducing sodium chlorate in a strong acid solution with a suitable reducing agent such as methanol , hydrogen peroxide , hydrochloric acid or sulfur dioxide .
The Other Wind is the sixth and last of a series of books that are written by Ursula K. Le Guin .
Ã paux-B Ã zu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As is the case with football 's FIFA , the FIA is generally known by its French name and acronym , even in non French-speaking countries , but is occasionally rendered as International Automobile Federation .
In 1988 Fert discovered the Giant magnetoresistance effect -LRB- GMR -RRB- in multilayers of iron and chromium which is recognized as the birth of spintronics ; GMR was simultaneously and independently discovered by Peter GrÃ 1\/4 nberg from the JÃ 1\/4 lich Research Centre .
Winning criteriums needs a mix of good technical skills -- especially the ability to corner rapidly and sharply -- and riding safely with a large group on a short circuit and exceptional fitness to attack other riders and repeatedly accelerate hard from corners .
They were also moved to the Patrick Division , forcing a reluctant Winnipeg Jets to leave the Norris Division and take Colorado 's place in the Smythe Division .
: g First served by Bakerloo line -- service transferred to Jubilee line in 1979 .
In 2000 , during a Labor Day event , George W. Bush made an off-hand remark to his running mate , Dick Cheney , that New York Times reporter Adam Clymer was a `` major league asshole . ''
They were mainly single units but one was a three-car articulated set .
Difficulty breathing is the most serious symptom and results from frequent lung infections that are treated with , though not cured by , antibiotics and other medications .
Yet he lived frugally and most of the money he earned went towards endowing the Henry Moore Foundation , which continues to support education and promotion of the arts .
For nearly 30 years Dieter Rams served as head of design for Braun A.G. until his retirement in 1998 .
Finally , the Paralympic torch is brought into the stadium and passed on until it reaches the final torch carrierâ '' often a Paralympic athlete from the host nationâ '' who lights the Paralympic flame in the stadium 's cauldron .
Take a look at the welcome page to learn more about changing Wikipedia .
The real dangers :
Prisoners received a shave and a haircut , if necessary , every Monday , Wednesday and Friday ; they did their own laundry every Monday .
Clarence Clifton Young -LRB- born November 7 , 1922 -RRB- was a United States congressman from Nevada .
Energy conservation refers to efforts made to reduce energy consumption .
Also , other comedians and celebrities guested for the panel when they were away .
Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony each year by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to `` honor artistic achievement , technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry , without regard to album sales or chart position '' .
The GMR effect was first observed in stacks of 10 or more layers .
The village is in the district of Braintree and in the parliamentary constituency of Saffron Walden .
There are crop marks -LRB- dating from the 6th Century -RRB- that there must have been a large collection of buildings , maybe a royal palace or at least high status Saxon enclosure . The number of objects that were found in Saxon burial sites around the village support this .
Besmont is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
-LCB- cellpadding = `` 0 '' cellspacing = `` 0 '' style = `` margin :12 px ; padding :0 ; background-color : transparent ; line-height :1.2 ; '' class = `` nogrid ''
If the item is returned with damage the cost of repairing that damage may be charged against the deposit , and part -LRB- or none -RRB- of the deposit will be returned .
The most common are perigee and apogee , referring to orbits around the Earth -LRB- Greek , gÃ , `` earth '' -RRB- , and perihelion and aphelion , referring to orbits around the Sun -LRB- Greek , hÄ `` lios , `` sun '' -RRB- .
The traditional arms date back to the 13th century .
For example , see : en : User : Î Î Ï Î Î Î Î Î Î 1\/4 Î who is redirected from : en : User : Paradigma and signs as Î Î Ï Î Î Î Î Î Î 1\/4 Î \/ Paradigma .
A unitary system has existed in Northern Ireland since 1973 .
Miso tastes salty and , depending on the grains used and fermentation time , may also be sweet . Miso is sometimes used in miso soup .
In August 2003 , Chevrolet announced its `` Gen IV '' motor , a rebadged Cosworth motor for competition .
The Rhine separates Mannheim from the city of Ludwigshafen , just to the west of it in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Many websites converted their front page to black and white ; Sina.com and Sohu , major internet portals , limited their homepages to news items and removed all advertisements .
After the 2006 FIFA World Cup , KovaÄ left Hertha BSC after three seasons for Austrian Bundesliga side Red Bull Salzburg .
DÃ 1\/4 rer appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities , and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns , a piece of coral , some large fish fins , and a wooden weapon from the East Indies .
Mansell passed Berger on lap 57 and soon passed Prost on his new tyres .
While psychological stress experienced during a cycle might not influence an IVF outcome , it is possible that the experience of IVF can result in stress that leads to depression . The financial consequences alone of IVF can influence anxiety and become overwhelming .
Important leaders would have been buried with their belongings , and possibly also with members of their households or wives -LRB- human sacrifice , suttee -RRB- .
Prana suffuses all living forms but is not itself the Atman or individual soul . In the Ayurveda , the Sun and sunshine are held to be a source of Prana .
Some of these postulate the early appearance of nucleic acids -LRB- `` genes-first '' -RRB- whereas others postulate the evolution of biochemical reactions and pathways first -LRB- `` metabolism-first '' -RRB- .
The artist , Basil Hallward , thinks that Dorian Gray is very beautiful , and becomes obsessed with him . One day in Basil 's garden , Dorian Gray meets a man named Lord Henry Wotton .
MÃ 1\/4 lligen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
We still use that expression now when something unexpected happens . ''
There is a large web of skin between the hind legs -LRB- the uropatagium -RRB- which may assist in flying and catching insects , although there are no tail bones or calcars to help control it in flight .
The 1970 Bhola cyclone was not the most powerful of these , however ; the 1991 Bangladesh cyclone was significantly stronger when it made landfall in the same general area with 250 k winds , a high-end Category 4 . The 1970 cyclone is nonetheless the deadliest tropical cyclone on record and is one of the deadliest natural disasters in recent history .
With Drake looking like they were going to continue to win , Burton started a plan to purposely lose the fourth Immunity challenge to get rid of the tribe 's weaker players such as Trish and Christa .
A superscalar processor executes more than one instruction during a clock cycle by simultaneously dispatching multiple instructions -LRB- termed instruction dispatching -RRB- to multiple redundant functional units built inside the processor .
Following the withdrawal of the more powerful Class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the Class 73 is now unique on the British rail system .
Stephen III of Moldavia or Stephen III -LRB- 1433 - July 2 , 1504 -RRB- , also known as Stephen the Great -LRB- ; Å tefan cel Mare Å i SfÃ cents nt , `` Stephen the Great and Holy '' in more modern versions -RRB- was Prince of Moldavia between 1457 and 1504 and the most prominent representative of the House of MuÅ at .
Associativity is a property of mathematical operations -LRB- like addition and multiplication -RRB- .
Iconoclasm is the deliberate destruction of religious icons and other symbols or monuments , usually for religious or political motives .
The parameters publishdate , accessdate , and refname are optional .
An NÃ s -LRB- ; Irish : NÃ s na RÃ ogh or An NÃ s -LRB- É n nÉ ` Ë s -RRB- -RRB- is the county town of County Kildare , Ireland .
He was the son of a banker Simon Veit
Bushranger Ned Kelly lived in Avenel when he was young . He saved a boy from drowning in Hughes Creek and was given a green silk sash as a reward .
White flowered types are also cultivated .
Ringo Starr -LRB- born Richard Starkey on July 7 , 1940 -RRB- is a musician and actor .
These wards then return a certain number of councillors each to the parish council -LRB- depending on their population -RRB- .
Setques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It is a common belief that American handball was brought to the United States in the 1880s by Irish immigrants .
They hunt fish by diving from a height into the sea and pursuing their prey underwater .
He became only the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award consecutively .
Sierre -LRB- German : Siders -RRB- is the capital of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Probst complied with their request , and a very naked Jenna and Heidi exited the challenge and ate a plate of Oreo cookies and peanut butter .
He has also wrestled for World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- as Daivari and for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- as Sheik Abdul Bashir .
Saint-Andr Ã - sur-Orne is a commune .
In addition to Goldsworthy and Masterton , the Stars have retired the number 7 of Minnesota native , University of Minnesota graduate and 1980 Olympic hero Neal Broten , C , 1981-93 .
In 1968 , the State of Victoria made Leadbeater 's Possum its faunal emblem .
During these `` boxing '' contests , they would lock arms and try to push each other over .
In combination with a high spring tide and peripheral winds generated by Estelle , huge waves crashed on the shores of the Big Island on the afternoon of July 22 .
Cintas liked to collect art and manuscripts . He had bought the Bliss Copy for $ 54,000 at a public auction in 1949 .
The bar has been traditionally painted a socialist red , including a depiction of a hammer and sickle .
Dominic Bernard Patrick Luke Monaghan -LRB- ; born 8 December 1976 -RRB- is an English actor .
The Bahamas national football team is the national team of the Bahamas and is controlled by the Bahamas Football Association .
It is the only Semitic language written in the Latin alphabet in its standard form .
Pasco County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
One day he accidentally rode stark naked through the outdoor set of a silent movie in production and was `` discovered . ''
Clara was born on Christmas Day , 1821 in Oxford , Massachusetts . She was the fifth and last child of Sarah Stone and Stephen Barton .
From 1970 â `` 1996 he was the Kapellmeister -LRB- musical director -RRB- of the famous Gewandhausorchester Leipzig .
Places named after the stone include Marble Arch , London ; the Sea of Marmara ; India 's Marble Rocks ; and the towns of Marble , Minnesota ; Marble , Colorado ; and Marble Hill , Manhattan , New York .
The building lot of the library had been donated by the city of Leipzig , while Friedrich August III , king of Saxony provided the funds for the building .
The Wayang Satu and Bukit Timah village parts are differently called .
The first Saturday of each month the Brooklyn Museum stays open late with free family events , which include gallery tours , lectures , arts and crafts , live music , and a dance party .
The first opening theme song , `` Daybreak 's Bell '' was performed by the band L'Arc ~ en ~ Ciel .
Such condoms can still be found sometimes .
ChÃ cents teauneuf-d ` Entraunes is a commune .
Later that year he was made secretary of the Board , he was was secretary until 1896 when the President John O. Crosby resigned .
Confirming observations were made by Holman on September 30 .
Instead of presenting you with a normal set of article tags , the tab will present you with a set of redirect categorization tags , from : Category : Redirect templates .
5212 m. -RRB- is a mountain pass through the Himalayas located in the Uttarakhand state in the districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar in India .
is a city in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Later it was under the Grand Duchy of Tuscany and , from the late 19th century , the new Kingdom of Italy .
In 2000 , 254 people lived there .
Not long after PokÃ mon Red and Blue -LRB- the first PokÃ mon video games -RRB- were released , a PokÃ mon anime was created .
To hunt fish the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons .
He was the tenth World Chess Champion , holding the title from late 1969 to 1972 .
Hispar Pass -LRB- or Hispar La -RRB- -LRB- el .
La Roque-Alric is a commune of 54 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
In Asia , Zicai -LRB- ç `` è -RRB- -LRB- in China -RRB- , gim -LRB- in Korea -RRB- and nori -LRB- in Japan -RRB- are sheets of dried Porphyra used in soups or to wrap sushi .
Eragon was made into a film and released in cinemas on December 2006 .
Kubica finished seventh , but was disqualified for having too light a car .
The white lines in III are not quite geodesics -LRB- they are hypercycles -RRB- , but are quite close to them .
Malta is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god of war .
When ten batsmen have been dismissed -LRB- i.e. , are out -RRB- , then the whole team is dismissed and the innings is over .
Marions is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The logging in 1993 of `` much of the possum 's habitat , as zone one '' a five hectare reserve east of Powelltown , followed a `` mapping error . ''
Mark Cavendish -LRB- born on 21 May 1985 -RRB- is a Manx racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Biggar is a town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
He was born in Schleswig-Holstein , then part of Denmark but later part of Germany , and later studied under Carl Friedrich Gauss .
The symphony came from the overture , and `` D major was by far the most common key for overtures in the second half of the eighteenth century . ''
His writings influenced Voltaire and Rousseau , a lot of Scottish Enlightenment thinkers , as well as the American revolutionaries .
The Guernsey botanist E.D. Marquand called it , `` the most desolate and lonely of all the islands in our archipelago . ''
Official records are kept for both outdoor and indoor 5000 m track events , but not for 5 km road races .
Meher Baba nicknamed Pascal `` Phoenix '' and alternately `` Panther . ''
Under Emperor Diocletian , the persecution of Christians because the strongest .
It is the second longest line on the system , after the Central Line .
In 1803 , Arbon became part of the new canton of Thurgau .
In modern drum and bugle corps , the bugle has evolved away from its military origins , including the use of valves .
Note that this template is a self reference , and therefore should be placed on talk pages and not used directly in articles .
Rangel was raised by his African grandmother in the impoverished suburbs surrounding LourenÃ o Marques , while he visited his parents in the outlying provinces .
During the early years of Kwanzaa , Karenga said that it was meant to be an alternative to Christmas , that Jesus was psychotic , and that Christianity was a white religion that black people should shun .
Rounding is always to one decimal place ; the units are not wikilinked -LRB- compare -RRB- .
Some scientists have placed all members of this group into a single family , Muridae . Sometimes there are difficulties in knowing how the subfamilies are related to one another .
The opening of the Auditorio Nacional de MÃ sica in Madrid promised the Orchestra new prospects , especially in symphonic performance .
It is also sometimes referred to as Lettish .
He was born in Port Arthur , Ontario .
The essence of the Socratic method is to convince the interlocutor that whereas he thought he knew something , in fact he does not '' .
Galerius only discovered this when he received a letter from Constantine , who informed him of his father 's death , modestly asserted his natural claim to the succession , and respectfully lamented that the enthusiastic violence of his troops had not allowed him to obtain the Imperial purple in the regular and constitutional manner .
Many of the western islands are hilly and steep , formed mainly of granite , and are peaks of the northernmost extension of the Great Dividing Range now turned into islands when sea levels rose at the end of the last ice age .
Shigeo Sugimoto -LRB- born 4 December 1926 - died 2 April 2002 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Tyson is the son of the Greek god Poseidon and a nature spirit .
The fans ' collective name for itself is `` La 22 '' , after 22nd street in La Plata where many famous fans lived , notably Marcelo AmuchÃ stegui .
BoÅ kov is a small village near HerÃ lec in the HavlÃ Ä kÅ v Brod District , VysoÄ ina Region of the Czech Republic .
Winners are selected based on regular-season play . ''
For the motion picture , see Twin Falls Idaho -LRB- film -RRB- Twin Falls is the county seat and largest city of Twin Falls County , Idaho , United States .
The annual average temperature is 20 Â , with maximum and minimum averages of 45 Â and 5 Â respectively .
During this time he formed his first band with vocalist and bassist Tim Staffell , named Nineteen Eighty-Four after George Orwell 's novel of the same name .
Square is not patented .
TarnÃ s is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The VCE program will be implemented in 2012 at the Notre Dame Campus when it commences it 's year 11 education .
This means that we should regard logical and mathematical laws as being independent of the human mind , and also as an autonomy of meanings .
A trisomy is when there are three copies of a chromosome .
Basque pelota -LRB- pilota or eusko pilota in Basque , pelota vasca in Spanish , pilota basca in Catalan , and pelote or pelote basque in French -RRB- is the name for a variety of court sports played with a ball using one 's hand , a racket , a wooden bat or a basket , against a wall -LRB- frontÃ n in Spanish , pilotaleku or pilota plaza in Basque , frontÃ in Catalan -RRB- or , more traditionally , with two teams face to face separated by a line on the ground or a net .
Goreeni is located in the South of Abbottabad District and forms part of the North West Frontier province 's border with Punjab province where it lies next to Murree Tehsil of Rawalpindi District .
It was replace with the `` Ike '' , which was used in 2008 and was also retired .
Although born in Michigan , Eddie grew up in the Lachute-Brownsburg , Quebec area where his parents lived until they moved to Red Deer , Alberta in 1913 .
Many of the towns in the area have the word gali as part of their names .
Since their debut , they have often been compared with the Popular Taiwanese rock group F.I.R. because of the similar formation of band members and attractive performance personalities .
The block was programmed by 4Kids Entertainment , which also programmed the competing 4Kids TV block for Fox until that network nullified their time leasing agreement with 4Kids in late December 2008 due to several factors .
Le Theil-en-Auge is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
It was the Windsor residence of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother from 1952 until her death there in 2002 .
In order to carry out this project the Hasmonean kings conquered -LRB- and forcibly converted to Judaism -RRB- the one-time Moabites , Edomites and Ammonites , as well as the lost kingdom of Israel .
Brigham Young University -LRB- BYU -RRB- is a private university located in Provo , Utah .
It may also have contributed to the sailing vessel being overdue .
Many mud volcanoes can be found by the Black Sea and Caspian Sea .
Since then , she has starred in a series of films including Role Models , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby , Alvin & the Chipmunks , Walk Hard : The Dewey Cox Story , Space Chimps , The Rocker , The Hammer , Another Cinderella Story , Ice Age : Dawn of the Dinosaurs , and Spring Breakdown .
Boris Abramovich Gelfand -LRB- born June 24 , 1968 -RRB- is a Belarus born Israeli chess International Grandmaster , winner of the 2009 World Chess Cup .
Originally active from 1985 to 1996 , the band has had consistent commercial and critical success in Australia and New Zealand and international chart success in two phases , beginning with their self titled debut album , Crowded House , which reached number twelve on the US Album Chart in 1987 and provided the Top Ten hits , `` Do n't Dream It 's Over '' and `` Something So Strong '' .
Jess Willard -LRB- December 29 , 1881 â `` December 15 , 1968 -RRB- was a world heavyweight boxing champion .
Red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico .
Although Garnet was convicted and sentenced to death , doubt has since been cast on how much he really knew of the plot .
She was featured in the annual Maxim `` Hot 100 '' list in 2002 , 2003 , 2005 and 2008 and in FHMs `` 100 Sexiest Women '' of 2005 .
Breeza is located on the Kamilaroi Highway about halfway between Gunnedah and Quirindi . It is also on the North-west railway line , close to where it crosses the Mooki River .
`` This Is the New Shit '' is a 2003 industrial metal song by singer Marilyn Manson off his fifth album The Golden Age of Grotesque .
Also included are two wild cards that depict an infantry , cavalry , and artillery piece , as opposed to one of the three and a territory . Because these cards have all three symbols , they can match with any two other cards to form a set .
During the Days of Awe , a Jew tries to amend his or her behavior and seek forgiveness for wrongs done against God -LRB- bein adam leMakom -RRB- and against other human beings -LRB- bein adam lechavero -RRB- .
Muskogee is a city in Muskogee County , Oklahoma , United States .
Galena is located at -LRB- 42.418171 , -90.431472 -RRB- . According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 3.7 m. Galena is situated along the Galena River , which is one of many tributaries of the Mississippi River .
Also , if the infobox is of limited scope , there is no need to expand pages by adding a separate infobox page , infobox-talk , and infobox-history pages .
One ancestor was a leading activist in the Irish National Land League in Mayo and the Irish Republican Brotherhood ; an uncle , Sir Paget John Bourke , was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II after a career as a judge in the Colonial Service ; while another relative was a Roman Catholic nun .
Despite the similarity , it appears the two names have independent linguistic origins .
The tomb later became part of the mosque when it was expanded by the Umayyad Caliph Al-Walid I. The first mosque of Islam is also located in Medina . It is known as Masjid Quba , -LRB- the Quba Mosque -RRB- .
In 1930 he became a member of the Polish PEN Club , and in 1933 , he became its president .
Madison is located at .
When Nintendo sold Super Mario Bros. in other countries , she was called Princess Toadstool .
Velvet is a type of woven tufted fabric in which the cut threads are evenly distributed , with a short dense pile , giving it a distinctive feel .
The music for second character CD was done in collaboration with Eijun Suganami and Shinji Matsuda , members of The Back Horn .
With well-established outflow and low levels of wind shear , Erika became stronger as the circulation became better defined .
The site also features the â Wales factfileâ and the â Lecture Libraryâ .
Loriol-du-Comtat is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Large , low-level winds were included in the wave 's circulation . However , little convection existed .
In this period the insetting of precious stones flourished .
Additionally , modern CPUs execution units are usually pipelined .
He died in 1971 in Meudon -LRB- near Paris -RRB- at the age of 85 .
Most slide rules have three linear strips of the same length . The strips are aligned in parallel and interlocked so that the central strip can be moved lengthwise relative to the other two .
â A teen idol is a celebrity who is widely idolized by teenagers ; he or she is often young but not necessarily teenaged .
The band embarked on its biggest tour yet , playing nearly 200 shows in 2003 and 2004 .
The equations result from applying Newton 's second law to fluid motion , with the belief that the fluid stress is the sum of a diffusing viscous term -LRB- in relation to the gradient of velocity -RRB- , plus a pressure term .
Å chÅ was a Japanese era after EnkyÅ and before ShÅ wa .
Kakadu National Park will re-introduce a park use fee from April 2010 , to help manage the natural and cultural values of the park environment and improve visitor services .
It is spoken in parts of Arunachal Pradesh and other northeast Indian states .
Under Sir Syed , the Scientific Society translated Western works only into Urdu . The schools established by Sir Syed imparted education in the Urdu medium .
Five teams played 16 games each , starting on December 31 , 1910 and ending on March 10 , 1911 .
David Duane `` Dave '' Freudenthal -LRB- Ë friË dÉ nÎ É ` Ë l ; born October 12 , 1950 -RRB- , is an American politician who served as the 31st Governor of Wyoming .
The main campus is located in Parkville , just north of the Melbourne CBD .
Alternatively , when the client updates the data in the cache , copies of those data in other caches will become stale .
Diesels are particularly suitable for turbochargers for several reasons :
He plays for Kataller Toyama .
Said Cain : `` I never even met him , but I felt obligated to go . ''
For Rowling , this scene is important because it shows how Harry is brave , and by finding Cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
See list of sportspeople for an overview and : Category : Sportspeople for specific categories .
Gravers come in a variety of shapes and sizes that give different line types when used .
ClÃ rey is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Saxe-Eisenach assumed its final shape in 1672 , following the death of Frederick William III of Saxe-Altenburg and the partition of his lands .
Dresdner Bank AG was one of Germany 's largest banking corporations and was based in Frankfurt .
The chain of events that led to the creation of Tyndaleâ s New Testament started in 1522 .
Some aquatic turtles , such as snapping turtles and soft-shelled turtles , have eyes closer to the top of the head .
Mastectomy is usually done to treat breast cancer ; in some cases , women and some men believed to be at high risk of breast cancer have the operation prophylactically , that is , to prevent cancer rather than treat it .
Property damage from Charley in the United States was estimated by the NHC to be $ 15.0 billion -LRB- 2004 USD -RRB- .
The whole of the lower half of his body and right side of his face are replaced , as is his left arm from the shoulder down , with scarring and metal accouterments covering what little was left of his organic self .
Rapilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie rÃ gion in northwestern France .
Another shared feature is that , unlike most ant species , army ants do not construct permanent nests ; an army ant colony moves almost incessantly over the time it exists . All species are members of the true ant family , Formicidae , but there are several groups that have independently evolved the same basic behavioral and ecological syndrome .
During the years 1916 â `` 20 , 1923 â `` 24 , and 1927 â `` 1938 , Frost taught English at Amherst College , in Massachusetts , notably encouraging his students to account for the sounds of the human voice in their writing .
The version of rugby union is very popular , with notable competitions including the IRB Sevens World Series and the Rugby World Cup Sevens . It is also played at events such as the Commonwealth Games and rugby league has also adopted the sevens format .
In 2004 , Jones formed a group - Body Head Bangerz and released an album . The album , Body Head Bangerz : Volume One , featured B.G. , Juvenile , Bun B of UGK , Petey Pablo , Lil ' Flip , and Mike Jones among others .
His father had him made a British citizen â '' a decision that would later allow Michael to receive an actual , rather than honorary , knighthood and CBE . -LRB- although , under the British Nationality Act 1981 anyone born in Ireland before 1949 can still register as a British subject and , after five years ' UK residence , as a British citizen -RRB- .
The ANC flag is composed of three stripes â `` black , green and gold .
Popejoy is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
Miani was nicknamed Namak-Miani -LRB- salt Miani -RRB- because it was the main marketplace for salt that was mined from the mountains around Khewra .
His brother-in-law , Pete Backor , was the first Stanley Cup winner of Slovak descent .
The band now originates in Portland , Oregon .
On September 3 , Britain and France declared war on Germany . They sent a small French attack on Western Germany which could not help Poland much .
Some stages offer Yoshi the ability to morph into vehicles for a short time . DS , like the original Yoshi 's Island , differs from many platforming games in that Yoshi does not have a life bar ; when Yoshi is hit , the baby he is carrying falls off his back and Yoshi must retrieve him\/her before a timer runs out .
Both sexes have 3-4 black spots or blotches on their hind wings .
His songs were performed and recorded by prominent Soviet singers that include Lyudmila Zykina , Iosif Kobzon , Lusine Zakaryan .
Because of this location along the line of our galaxy , many clusters and nebulae are found within its borders , but they are dim and there are few galaxies .
The Omelette Arnold Bennett has remained a Savoy standard dish ever since .
Taketo Shiokawa -LRB- born 17 December 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It was included on Bryan Adams ' album Reckless and Tina Turner 's live album Tina Live in Europe , as well as being added to both artists ' greatest hits compilations : Adams ' Anthology and Turner 's All the Best .
It is on the West Anglia Main Line , and train services are provided by National Express East Anglia .
The script showing Santos winning was written long before the death of John Spencer .
Luther is a 2003 biopic about the life of Martin Luther -LRB- 1483 -- 1546 -RRB- .
Many travel northward towards Milwaukee or south into the Chicago area .
To differentiate suspensions from true solutions , the term sol evolvedâ '' originally meant to cover dispersions of tiny -LRB- sub-microscopic -RRB- particles in a liquid .
Colors could also be dark brown -LRB- # CC6622 -RRB- with '' '' .
Nobuyuki Zaizen -LRB- born 19 October 1976 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Muangthong United .
However for the 2007 season , Marlboro have ceased their sponsorship of the Penske Cars , their place being taken by Kodak , and later Cellco Partnership .
Germanicus Caesar -LRB- May 24 , 15 BC â `` October 10 , 19 AD -RRB- was a Roman general .
It also offered a dramatic stability improvement over prior versions , particularly the 68k version which was especially prone to freezing .
They have a wax coating to make them waterproof . They are a component of many survival kits .
Other Lancashire magistrates learned of Nowell 's discovery of witchcraft in the county , and on 15 April 1612 JP Robert Holden began investigations in his own area of Samlesbury .
The city expanded rapidly as many freed slaves settled , accompanied by West Indian and African soldiers who had fought for Britain in the Napoleonic Wars .
Ray Comfort -LRB- born December 5 , 1949 -RRB- is a New Zealand-born Christian minister and evangelist .
It also has one of the slowest rotation periods of the known asteroids â '' most asteroids have a rotation period in the range of 2 â `` 24 hours .
Die Meistersinger von NÃ 1\/4 rnberg -LRB- The Mastersingers of Nuremberg -RRB- is an opera by Richard Wagner .
Jorge Francisco Campos Navarrete -LRB- nicknamed El Brody or Chiqui-Campos or El ChapulÃ n -RRB- -LRB- born October 15 , 1966 in Acapulco -RRB- is a retired Mexican footballer who played as a goalkeeper and striker as well .
This is common for the security of heads of state or government .
Of dances , the Kavirondo have the birth dance , the death dance , that at initiation and one of a propitiatory kind in seasons of drought .
Aaron Benjamin Sorkin -LRB- born June 9 , 1961 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , producer and playwright , whose works include A Few Good Men , The American President , The West Wing , Sports Night , Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip and most recently The Social Network .
It is often found with the minerals sphalerite , calcite and fluorite .
Rebreuviette is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- -23 Â , 20 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty , which gives Kalliope an axial tilt of 103 Â .
Tando Fazal is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
It had actually been found almost ten years earlier , but had been kept hidden by the people who discovered it . They did not want the Communists , who still ruled Russia at that time , to know where the grave was .
Delft is a city and municipality in the province of South Holland -LRB- Zuid-Holland -RRB- , the Netherlands .
After this the fountain begins to boil and begins dissolving everything in the cave .
Druid Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
In the Mycenaean period , roofs tiles are documented for Gla and Midea .
Bakot was affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake , as the epicentre was in nearby Kashmir .
Verscio is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
There are numerous styles for displaying footnotes -LRB- or endnotes -RRB- in a Wikipedia article .
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Les Moutiers-en-Auge is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
There is a painting , near the East Alligator River crossing , which shows a man with a gun and long pigtails down his back . This would be one of the Chinese workers brought to Darwin in the late 19th century .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Debbie Reynolds Allan Warren . jpg thumb -LRB- 257x428 -RRB- px right Debbie Reynolds -RRB- -RRB- Mary Frances Reynolds , better known as Debbie Reynolds , is an American actress and singer .
To keep him a secret from the grown ups , Tommy hides the lizard inside his diaper while the babies ponder what to do with Reptar 's Baby .
Heath Andrew Ledger -LRB- 4 April 1979 â `` 22 January 2008 -RRB- was an Australian television and film actor .
Prince Ian is involved heavily in the wildflower production , with the product not only being exported to Perth , Western Australia but to many cities internationally .
Asterix and Obelix 's Birthday : The Golden Book -LRB- 2009 -RRB-
Both offices were abolished in 1955 , when the province of West Pakistan was created .
He later served in the Vietnam War , commanding a River Patrol Unit in the Mekong Delta .
In the Waffen-SS , the rank was considered the equivalent of an Oberst -LRB- colonel -RRB- .
Also known as `` Teleto '' , a blend of `` terebi '' and `` Tokyo '' , it is the key station of TX Network .
Kankakee is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Giordano Bruno -LRB- 1548 â `` February 17 , 1600 -RRB- , born Filippo Bruno , was an Italian Dominican friar , philosopher , mathematician and astronomer .
During this time he brought his sister Hannah to New Haven to manage the apothecary business when he was absent .
She joined the then National Bureau of Standards -LRB- NBS -RRB- in 1945 .
McHenry was a signer of the United States Constitution from Maryland and the namesake of Fort McHenry .
The Royal College of St. Peter in Westminster , almost always known as Westminster School , is one of Britain 's leading private schools , with one of the highest number of students going to Oxford or Cambridge Universities of any secondary school or college .
FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Volleyball -LRB- FIVB -RRB- is the international governing body for the sport of volleyball .
PÃ reyres is a commune in the ArdÃ che department and RhÃ ne-Alpes region of France .
Pikas do not hibernate .
After his death on May 5 , 1885 , the family moved across the country to Lawrence , Massachusetts , under the patronage of -LRB- Robert 's grandfather -RRB- William Frost , Sr. , who was an overseer at a New England mill .
Traditional instruments made by Aboriginals in Arnhem Land are sometimes fitted with a ` sugarbag ' mouthpiece .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Massalia 's pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- 45 Â , 10 Â -RRB- or -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- 45 Â , 190 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty .
Leader AndrÃ Breton was explicit in his assertion that Surrealism was above all a revolutionary movement .
Since 2004 , she has been the highest-paid model in the world and the sixteenth richest woman in the entertainment industry with an estimated $ 150 million fortune .
This system has been in place since the line opened in 1968 . This makes the Victoria line the world 's first full-scale automatic railway .
The cloud pattern deteriorated as it tracked inland , and 3 hours after it moved ashore the National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the depression .
Copper -LRB- I -RRB- iodide , also known as cuprous iodide , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is CuI .
DNA samples would be required when pet licenses come up for renewal .
Mikhail Ivanovich Glinka -LRB- - -RRB- , was the first Russian composer to gain wide recognition within his own country , and is often regarded as the father of Russian classical music .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland uses as its national flag the royal banner known as the Union Flag or , popularly , Union Jack .
Tugay KerimoÄ lu -LRB- born 24 August 1970 -RRB- is a Turkish former footballer who played the majority of his career for Galatasaray and Blackburn Rovers .
Class 159 trains are almost identical to Class 158s , having been converted from Class 158 to Class 159 in two batches .
He won a Stanley Cup with the 1917 Seattle Metropolitans .
After several days , Florence encountered an area of lesser wind shear and intensified into a hurricane on September 10 .
His real , incomparable gifts first began to make themselves known at the time of St. Petersburg , 1914 , when I too came to know him personally .
PeÃ a advised Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton on transportation issues during Clinton 's successful 1992 presidential campaign , and Clinton chose PeÃ a to head the United States Department of Transportation .
The coat-of-arms of Saxe-Lauenburg was changed to the colors red and silver , with a rim in the Prussian colors black and white .
These new fish have been eating the axolotls ' young , as well as its primary source of food .
Instead the poleis grouped themselves into leagues , membership of which was in a constant state of flux .
The Frankfurter Rundschau was the second newspaper starting in Germany after the World War II on the 1st of August 1945 .
Dodd was born in Galax , Virginia .
Aurich is a city in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Theatre Royal , Bury St Edmunds was built by National Gallery architect William Wilkins in 1819 .
Barney Point was made part of the Port of Gladstone in November 1998 .
Although Wikipedia , today , has fewer than million articles -LRB- plus millions of red-link articles -RRB- , the total revisions number nearly million .
The album was released on 14 June 2010 , the album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009 .
Opeth performed three special shows in Europe with two song lists eachâ '' one acoustic set and one heavy set .
CÃ rons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The boroughs of Sutton and Merton are west of Croydon .
In 2002 the city commemorated its thousandth birthday .
This adult fish is 8.5 cm .
The Delisle scale is a scale to measure temperature . It was introduced by French astronomer Joseph-Nicolas Delisle in 1732 .
Billie Paul Piper -LRB- born Lianne Piper , 22 September 1982 , in Swindon , Wiltshire -RRB- is an English singer and actress .
The German word for them is Meerschweinchen , literally `` sea piglet '' , which has been translated into Polish as Å winka morska , into Hungarian as tengerimalac and into Russian as Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð . This derives from nautical history : sailing ships stopping to reprovision in the New World would pick up stores of guinea pigs , which provided an easily transportable source of fresh meat .
Corfu is home to the Ionian University .
Understood as the sharing of `` free '' electrons among a lattice of positively charged ions -LRB- cations -RRB- , metallic bonding is sometimes compared with that of molten salts ; however , this simplistic view holds true for very few metals .
The PC version of the game was ported\/published by Aspyr .
By reinforcing the importance of including verifiable research produced by others , this policy promotes the inclusion of multiple points of view .
An ell-wand or ellwand was a rod of length one ell used for official measurement .
The story is told in the first person by the main character , Pitar .
It is a tributary of the River Great Ouse .
A similar ratio used in the transport industries , especially in railways and trucking is ` mean distance between failures ' , a variation which attempts to correlate actual loaded distances to similar reliability needs and practices .
-LRB- This family is also variously called Myoxidae or Muscardinidae by different taxonomists -RRB- .
The record ranked 30th in the Critics Top 50 and 9th in the Popular Poll of German magazine Musik Express\/Sounds in their 2000 Albums of the Year .
The next such series of close approaches will be centred on the year 2292 -- in July of that year , Cruithne will approach Earth to about 12500000 k.
It can be found in most of Canada , all of the United States , and the northern part of Mexico .
To repeat , just make a copy of the section to be repeated .
Dan Aykroyd is a dedicated Blues fan .
Olympic sports are governed by international sports federations -LRB- IFs -RRB- recognized by the IOC as the global supervisors of those sports .
Amance is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
Jane Ellen Harrison , on the other hand , claims that many primitive cultures use similar ritual masks . These are meant to scare the owner from doing something wrong , or , as she terms it , to make an ugly face at him .
By 2100 UTC on October 2 , all tropical cyclone watches and warnings were lifted .
Ouano St. , Centro Mandaue City .
He was bred , after the manner of his Latin forefathers , to agriculture , to which he devoted himself when not engaged in military service .
Saint-Andr Ã - et-Appelles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Before joining , Soundgarden had been Shepherd 's favorite band .
As of June 2008 , China relocated 1.24 million residents , ending with Gaoyang in Hubei Province -RRB- , about 1.5 % of the province 's 60.3 million and Chongqing City 's 31.44 million population .
Meet Bill -LRB- formerly known as Bill -RRB- is a 2007 comedy film written and directed by Bernie Goldmann and Melisa Wallick and starring Aaron Eckhart as the titular character .
Crop milk is also produced by flamingos and some penguins .
Hybrid zones are regions where diverged populations meet and interbreed .
Zamiatkin said that after the rest of the family had been killed , he escaped with the children on a ship .
Fares cost less money in 1896 because they changed from 3d to 2d for `` through routes '' . The tram times became two times as fast to every 5 minutes from Stag Gates to Holy Rood .
Eggs Benedict is a dish that consists of a half of an English muffin , topped with bacon or ham , poached eggs , and Hollandaise sauce .
The CD was also released in a Tour Edition , featuring the bonus tracks , live performances , music videos , and the making of `` If I Had You '' 's music video .
Use this as a warning that some or all books cited do not have their ISBNs included in the article .
The name appears to be Scottish Gaelic in origin , from `` torr '' meaning a mound or round hill , or `` tur '' meaning a tower .
Polar historian Robert Headland of the Scott Polar Research Institute has suggested various reasons for these false sightings , ranging from `` too much rum '' to deliberate hoaxes designed to lure rival ships away from good sealing grounds .
Park Tae-hwan -LRB- born September 27 , 1989 -RRB- is a South Korean swimmer .
Kansas City formed in 1868 . It was first officially mentioned in October 1872 .
Clippers sailed all over the world , especially on the trade routes between the United Kingdom and its colonies in the east , in trans-Atlantic trade , and the New York-to-San Francisco route round Cape Horn during the California Gold Rush .
Lee Joseph Fogolin -LRB- born February 7 , 1955 in Chicago , Illinois and raised in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- , is a retired defenceman who played in the National Hockey League .
The Franks were among approximately 300,000 Jews who fled Germany between 1933 and 1939 .
Democratic-Republicans were outraged by the legislation , and Madison and Jefferson drafted the highly critical Resolutions adopted in response by the Virginia and Kentucky state legislatures .
The two types of reproduction are sexual and asexual reproduction .
Knights Grand Cross and Knights Commanders prefix `` Sir '' , and Dames Grand Cross and Dames Commanders prefix `` Dame '' , to their forenames .
An equestrian by birth , Sejanus rose to power as prefect of the Roman imperial bodyguard , known as the Praetorian Guard , of which he was commander from AD 14 until his death in 31 .
Greeley used it to promote the Whig and Republican parties .
In 1693 Halley published an article on life annuities , which featured an analysis of age-at-death on the basis of the Breslau statistics Caspar Neumann had been able to provide .
The albatrosses are a group of large to very large birds ; they are the largest of the procellariiformes .
The mice return to Thorn Valley , Martin returns to normal and Timmy is now a hero .
Kenneth Rexroth -LRB- December 22 , 1905 -- June 6 , 1982 -RRB- was an American writer .
However , stream ciphers can be susceptible to serious security problems if used incorrectly : see stream cipher attacks â '' in particular , the same starting state must never be used twice .
Stations or lines shown in italics are under construction .
The result is that TCQ can improve the overall performance of a hard drive if it is implemented correctly .
Traditionally , it was used as an infantry weapon .
Cabot has the third highest median household income in Arkansas -LRB- after Maumelle and White Hall -RRB- .
The symmetry of a molecule -LRB- or any other object -RRB- determines whether it is chiral .
This agency consisted of three princely states , Kalat and its two feudatory states Las Bela and Kharan .
Due to streamlined controls , Crypto can shoot humans , use the jet pack , and activate Psychokinesis simultaneously .
This is a reference to the city 's trading base .
The city is named for pioneer James Livermore .
The amount of water lost by a plant depends on its size , along with surrounding light intensity , temperature , humidity , and wind speed -LRB- all of which influence evaporative demand -RRB- .
The corresponding term in Greek is Î Î Î Î 1\/2 Ï Î 1\/2 Î Î , which is often translated as `` fellowship '' .
Cameron began acting at the age of nine , and his first job was for a breakfast cereal .
Villa Clara is one of the provinces of Cuba .
Amblypygi is an order of Arachnids , in the subphylum Chelicerata of the phylum Arthropoda .
Makran was an autonomous princely state of both British India and Pakistan , which ceased to exist in 1955 .
Other towns include Florida and Nuevitas .
Appearing near the base of the plant are the large lower traps , which typically sit on the ground . The upper or aerial pitchers are usually smaller , differently-coloured , and possess different features from the lower pitchers .
Also , it is not really music to dance to , but music to just listen to , and it often tells a story or has a philosophical theme to the lyrics . ''
This massive event will gather an approximate 1.5 million visitors to Monterrey , and is mostly free of charge .
Krause was married to Beth Bruce and they had a son , Jamen , born in 1996 . They later divorced in 2000 .
Finally , the driver will continue back around the track and re-enter the pit-lane -LRB- the in-lap -RRB- .
As Celestial Being and its Gundam Meisters begin their final mission to save humanity from an unimaginable threat , the Extraterrestial Living-metal Shape-shifters -LRB- ELS -RRB- , Gundam Meister Setsuna F. Seiei is about to discover the true purpose of his evolution as an Innovator and the nature of the `` dialogues '' for which Aeolia Schenberg 's plan had prepared the human race .
Louis and Mary began to call it `` Dear Boy '' .
In the United States , about 8,000 to 9,000 people are diagnosed with testicular cancer every year .
Neither attempted to predict new elements .
Note that volcano numbers can sometimes change as volcanoes are added or deleted from the Holocene database .
It is attributed to the prophet Habakkuk , and was probably composed in the late 7th century BCE .
The only airport in Juneau is Juneau International Airport .
The trio sonatas by Arcangelo Corelli -LRB- opus I , 1681 , opus III , 1689 -RRB- set an inspiring example .
Austenâ s works were seen in France as part of a sentimental tradition . Because of this , people were more interested in the works of French realists like Stendhal , Balzac , and Flaubert .
She played all eight characters in , and wrote Constantly Distracted in 2005 .
He also wrote a Requiem mass around 1460 , which is lost .
This was later changed to Class 430 , under which they spent the majority of their working lives .
Nidwalden sends only one deputy to the Swiss Council of States .
Taft retired as Chief Justice on February 3 , 1930 , because of ill health .
The name has two different theories on how it was made , one being a mix of two suggestions , `` The Rejects '' and `` The All Americans '' . The other being that it came from a song `` Reject '' by Green Day , with the chorus , `` a reject , all american '' .
It was put on an eight-cent US Postal Service postage stamp in 1973 , the first of their regular series of `` love stamps . ''
Attelwil is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Survivor : Thailand was the fifth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
She 's So Unusual is the debut studio album by American pop singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper , released in 1983 by Portrait Records -LRB- see 1983 in music -RRB- .
At least 100 people died in Cuba alone .
Despite this , government officials decided to name the new city Saitama in hiragana , not kanji .
With the Detroit Red Wings , Black wore the # 19 jersey which would decades later be worn by Steve Yzerman .
The soils are shallow and often overlie extensive sheets of laterite -LRB- ironstone -RRB- and a thick profile of strongly leached rocks .
Ayers participated in the Days of Rage riot in Chicago in October 1969 , and in December was at the `` War Council '' meeting in Flint , Michigan .
Today , Kurdish is an official language in Iraq . In Syria , on the other hand , publishing material in Kurdish is forbidden .
Joel Camargo -LRB- born 18 September , 1946 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
This is the infobox template .
Italian poet-musicians in court in the 15th and 16th centuries often played it to accompany the poems they were reading .
Among the Bantu Kavirondo the mother of twins must remain in her hut for seven days ; among the Nilotic Kavirondo the parents and the infants must stay in the hut for a whole month .
They have been planted -LRB- or re-planted -RRB- in some places to lower the water table and reduce the amount of salt in the soil .
Together with Maxwell 's equations they can be used to model and study magnetohydrodynamics .
Nashville , Tennessee hosted this event in 2005 and 2006 , and will continue as the host location in the future .
Melodic death metal -LRB- also referred to as melodeath or MDM -RRB- is a heavy metal music style that combines elements from the new wave of British heavy metal -LRB- NWOBHM -RRB- with elements of death metal .
Her death is known to have occurred in 1458 BC , which implies that she became pharaoh circa 1479 BC .
To overturn this de facto recognition , the West Australian Governor General 's office would have to submit the secession to arbitration , something which the Hutt River Province claims is not done due to legal uncertainty related to the fact that Western Australia in its entirety was never officially proclaimed as British Territory .
Investigations have shown that the bodies , including the city 's ruler at the time , Kan Maax , had been executed and dumped in a cistern .
Although the Tour de Pologne had not reached a high status , and was little known , the International Cycling Union -LRB- UCI -RRB- decided to make it a part of the UCI ProTour from 2005 , which means that the major cycling teams compete in the race .
Fresh or dried bay leaves are used in cooking for their distinctive flavor and fragrance .
He is a companion in the Mario games , and the character whom the second player controls in two-player sessions of many of the video games , though he occasionally rescues Mario , as seen in Mario is Missing !
The battle was the result of the first attempt by Persia , under King Darius I , to subjugate Greece .
He became a naturalized American citizen in 1956 .
It has been previously placed in the rare A and L classes .
In a comparative analysis , Mandaean scholar SÃ ve-S Ã derberg indicated that Mani 's Psalms of Thomas were closely related to Mandaean texts .
Created by Richard Dominguez , both characters made their first appearance in El Gato Negro # 1 .
Its first permanent building opened at Exhibition Place in 1961 .
The World Armwrestling Federation -LRB- WAF -RRB- is the universally recognized global governing body of amateur arm wrestling and comprises more than 85 member countries .
These vases are characterized by a base painted pink .
In February , she hosted an Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences 's ceremony .
The Daily News is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group , a division of MediaNews Group .
Poems and songs have been written about him , and the accident .
Males have a median income of $ 54,870 versus $ 46,826 for females .
28 , No. 15 , by FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin , known as the `` Raindrop '' prelude , is one of the 24 Chopin preludes .
The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki 's mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children , with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers .
Almost 100 % of the volcano fell in to the ocean leaving a small crater lake .
The bottom floor was used as a trading exchange -LRB- which became the stock exchange -RRB- and the upper floor was used for dances , New Years Eve parties , etc. .
On arrival at Port Jackson , half naked convicts were lying without bedding , too ill to move .
Several of Monroe 's biographers suggest that Gladys Baker used his name to avoid the stigma of illegitimacy .
Marolles , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Diana and Linda survive along with seven grandchildren and three great-grandchildren .
There have been numerous Xena spin-offs into various media including films , books , comics and video games .
67 , was written by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1804 â `` 08 .
The British Class 390 `` Pendolino '' electric multiple unit is a tilting train built by Fiat Ferroviaria utilising Fiat tilt systems .
Most are relatively small , typically less than 10 cm -LRB- 4 in -RRB- in length .
Tony Danza -LRB- born Anthony Salvatore Iadanza ; April 21 , 1950 -RRB- is an Italian-American actor best known for starring on the TV series Taxi and Who 's the Boss ?
He had Echo killed and split into pieces .
customTagList = -LRB- , , -RRB- ;
It plays a role in regulating neuronal excitability throughout the nervous system .
The same features which makes a debugger useful for solving software bugs allows it to be used as a software cracking tool to crack copy protection and other software protection features .
In the first year the plant grows leaves , stems , and roots -LRB- vegetative structures -RRB- ; then it enters a period of dormancy over the colder months .
The Karachi Agreement was a cease-fire agreement signed by Pakistan and India on the 27th of July 1949 .
Honecker had predicted in January 1989 that the wall would stand for a `` hundred more years '' if the conditions which had caused its construction did not change .
Arnold Schoenberg -LRB- ; 13 September 1874 -- 13 July 1951 -RRB- was an Austrian and later American composer , associated with the expressionist movement in German poetry and art , and leader of the Second Viennese School .
During that time he gave lessons not only to Alexander , but also to two other future kings : Ptolemy and Cassander .
The Battle of Miani -LRB- February 17 , 1843 -RRB- was a battle between British forces under Sir Charles Napier and the Talpur rulers of Sindh -LRB- now a province of Pakistan -RRB- .
Issey Nakajima-Farran -LRB- born 16 May 1984 -RRB- is a Canadian football player . He plays for Horsens and Canada national team .
All of Schoep 's Ice Cream is currently produced from a single factory located on Helena Street in Madison , Wisconsin .
In 1630 , William Oughtred of Cambridge invented a circular slide rule , and in 1632 he combined two Gunter rules , held together with the hands , to make a device that is recognizably the modern slide rule .
His Alexander horn was badly damaged in his fatal crash , but has since been restored by Paxmans of London and is on public display in the Royal Academy of Music 's free museum .
Ikuo Matsumoto -LRB- born 3 November 1941 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
La Chapelle-Anthenaise is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Synthetic cubism is characterized by the introduction of different textures , surfaces , collage elements , papier collÃ and a large variety of merged subject matter .
Mata Hari was the stage name of Margaretha Geertruida `` Grietje '' Zelle MacLeod -LRB- 7 August 1876 , Leeuwarden â `` 15 October 1917 , Vincennes -RRB- , a Dutch exotic dancer , courtesan , and accused spy who , although possibly innocent , was executed by firing squad in France for espionage for Germany during World War I.
There were 136 households out of which 43.4 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.6 % were -LRB- married couples living together , 13.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.3 % were non-families .
There were also several Belgian Kasernes located in Soest itself .
Kara debuted on March 29 , 2007 .
Trumpet Manucode -LRB- Manucodia keraudrenii -RRB- is species of medium-sized , approximately 31 cm long bird in the family Paradisaeidae . It has elongated horn-like head tufts and loose neck feathers .
Saint-Aignan-de-Cramesnil is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Ningbo Organizing Committee of the Beijing Olympic torch relay announced that the relay would be suspended for the duration of the mourning period .
In a casino , a house dealer handles the cards for each hand , but the button -LRB- typically a white plastic disk -RRB- is rotated clockwise among the players to indicate a nominal dealer to determine the order of betting .
The storm caused several bayous in the Houston area to reach or exceed flood levels .
During Stage 1 , Cavendish crashed out of the final sprint , with just under 3 km remaining in the stage .
Portions of Japan closest to the epicenter experienced the largest shifts .
See Terms of Use for details .
There was however a city plan , and two rivers were channeled around the city .
Writing in 1585 , he noted some word similarities between Sanskrit and Italian -LRB- these included devaá \/ dio `` God '' , sarpaá \/ serpe `` serpent '' , sapta\/sette `` seven '' , aá # á a\/otto `` eight '' , nava\/nove `` nine '' -RRB- .
Judge Richard Posner emphasized the importance of a constitution for economic development .
The game made use of `` social gaming '' , allowing two player gameplay and providing a spectacle for onlookers .
In general , density can be changed by changing either the pressure or the temperature .
His time with the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra -LRB- CBSO -RRB- from 1980 to 1998 drew him to the attention of critics and the public .
While `` Apostolic See '' can refer to any see founded by any of the Apostles , the term is in this case used to refer to the see of the bishop seen as successor of the chief of the Apostles , Saint Peter .
The band was formed in 1999 by Kristopher Schau and Ole Petter Andreassen .
Andrew George ` Red ' Spooner -LRB- August 24 , 1910 â '' May 7 , 1984 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1929 â `` 30 NHL season .
The first major IE security hole , the Princeton Word Macro Virus Loophole , was discovered on August 22 , 1996 in IE3 .
It is possible that the Berber Muslim Almoravids were originally from the area .
James Prescott Joule -LRB- 24 December 1818 â `` 11 October 1889 -RRB- was an English physicist , born in Salford , near Manchester .
The band was nominated for a Grammy .
For smart cards that use electrical conductors see smart card .
The Orchestre de Paris is a French orchestra based in Paris .
NÃ lton de Sordi -LRB- born 14 February 1931 in Piracicaba - SP -RRB- , nicknamed De Sordi , is a Brazilian former football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
However , conditions were forecast to become more conducive for development , and by July 29 the National Hurricane Center remarked it had `` potential for tropical or subtropical development . ''
The gymnosperms and angiosperms together comprise the spermatophytes or seed plants .
The Equilateral Arch has a very pleasing look and gives a wide opening useful for doorways , arcades and big windows .
Its name is thought to come from the original Portuguese name for this cape , `` Raso '' , or `` bare '' .
Penin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
For other institutions , issuing of debt contracts such as bonds is a typical source of funding .
Its albedo has been measured at 0.028 and 0.037 .
As the star is seen as a beautiful but perpetually self-combusting thing , so Tara is seen at core as the hunger that propels all life .
Following the westward trend of the industry , in 1915 , Laemmle opened the world 's largest motion picture production facility , Universal City Studios , on a 230-acre -LRB- 0.9 kmÂ -RRB- converted farm just over the Cahuenga Pass from Hollywood .
Perhaps the rise of free oxygen that occurred during this part of the Paleoproterozoic removed methane in the atmosphere through oxidation .
In 2002 , it had a population of 3,864 .
Both Terry and Danielle were sent to Exile Island for losing the Challenge .
The game was created by id Software .
In 1903 her father committed suicide and she returned to Independence to be with her mother .
Tal played in a total of six Candidates ' Tournaments and match cycles , though he never again earned the right to play for the world title .
Gay rights campaigner Peter Tatchell suggested in the Evening Standard that this explanation `` came across as patronising .
The title was first granted to King Henry VIII after he passed the Act of Supremacy , which required all officials in the Church of England to state an oath of allegiance to him .
Three of Haggard 's books are dedicated to Burnham 's daughter , Nada : The Wizard -LRB- 1896 -RRB- , Elissa : The Doom of Zimbabwe -LRB- 1899 -RRB- , and Black Heart and White Heart : A Zulu Idyll -LRB- 1900 -RRB- .
Nizhny Novgorod -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ì Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ì Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð , often shortened to Nizhny -RRB- is the fourth largest city in Russia .
Here , Wordsworth also gives his famous definition of poetry as `` the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings from emotions recollected in tranquility . ''
Visitors reach the memorial by treading a steep path of irregular granite steps , intended to symbolise a pilgrimage .
In 1844 , Robert Tyler moved to Philadelphia along with his wife , Priscilla .
Synesthetes often say that they did not know their experiences were unusual until they found out that other people did not have them . Others report feeling as if they had been keeping a secret their entire lives .
The west end of the browsing room was designated the Vachel Lindsay Room , and the east end as the Adelaide Robbins Rhodes Room .
They like to live in places with water that is not too deep .
In athletics participants are broken down into a range of classes based on the disability they have and then they are placed in a classification within that range based on their level of impairment .
This event occurs at the December solstice , when the southern hemisphere is tilted towards the sun to its maximum extent .
A ferry operates between the town and Tortuga Island -LRB- La Tortue -RRB- situated just across the water .
The new tower opened in 1956 .
To do this , we use the following lemma : if a prime number p divides a product ab , then it divides a or it divides b -LRB- Euclid 's lemma -RRB- .
The clients hire the service of geishas through the Geisha Union Office -LRB- æ ç kenban -RRB- , which takes care of the geisha 's schedule and makes her appointments both for entertaining and for training .
In quantum mechanics , the wavefunction gives the most fundamental description of the behavior of a particle ; the measurable properties of the particle -LRB- such as its position , momentum and energy -RRB- may all be derived from the wavefunction .
Over many years , heavy equipment has been installed in fenced-off sections at the ends of platforms owing to the lack of anywhere else to install them .
The independent variable is usually the wavelength of the light .
The mandible -LRB- lower jaw -RRB- was tipped by the predentary , a bone unique to ornithischia .
Some copper sulfide reacts with the copper -LRB- I -RRB- oxide to make copper and sulfur dioxide . This makes impure copper .
On 8 November 2009 , the duo entered the UK Top 40 for the first time with the track `` End Credits '' .
The album was re-issued in the UK on 2 November 2009 by Universal Island with a second disc of remixes as a `` Deluxe Edition '' .
It is in the Palladium Shopping Center which is the biggest mall in Southern Brazil .
The center of Jewish culture and learning shifted to the region of the Kinneret , particularly the city of Tiberias .
Image processing usually refers to digital image processing , but optical and analog image processing also are possible .
Its catch phrase is `` If you do n't keep up with me , you 're finished ! ''
The revived series will begin airing on April 4 , 2011 , a day after WrestleMania XXVII .
It included eleven shows across the country with Akon . The tour later went through United States and Europe without Akon .
The stadium has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Byran Adams , Bon Jovi , David Bowie , David Cassidy , Dire Straits , Fleetwood Mac , Guns ` N Roses , Jean Michel Jarre , The New Power Generation , Oasis , Pink Floyd , Prince , Queen , The Rolling Stones , Simple Minds and Mavis Staples , among others .
The Wilson Patrol came across a group of Matabele women and children who claimed to know Lobengulaâ s whereabouts .
Longuemare 's Sunangel -LRB- Heliangelus clarisse -RRB- is a species of hummingbird found in Venezuela and northeastern Colombia .
The Union dead were moved from shallow -LRB- not deep -RRB- burial places on the battlefield to the cemetery . It was supported by Pennsylvania Governor Andrew Curtin .
The Kura-Araxes culture or the Early trans-Caucasian culture , a people that lived from 3400 B.C until about 2000 B.C. .
The `` HoloDuke '' device projects a fake hologram of Duke that can be used to trick enemies .
A report of the National Committee of Croatia for the investigation of the crimes of the occupation forces and their collaborators , dated 15 November 1945 , which was commissioned by the new government of Yugoslavia under Josip Broz Tito , stated that 500,000-600 ,000 people were killed at the Jasenovac complex .
Kyle is usually depicted wearing winter attire which consists of a bright green ushanka , a bright orange jacket , dark green pants , and lime-green mittens\/gloves .
According to his profile on Dragonforce.com , Leclercq can speak `` French , English , German , and some dirty words in almost every language , '' and his signature stage move is `` Black metal whiskey sculling . ''
The next year , over her fatherâ s objections , the two were married .
The Armenian Revolutionary Army -LRB- ARA -RRB- was a paramilitary organization .
He nearly did it again in 1972 at the David Fleay Wildlife Park at Burleigh Heads , Queensland , but it died at 50 days .
The plantain is the main food source of the Dominican Republic , and is used just as much as , if not more than , rice .
The history of dance music is similar to the history of dance as well as to the history of music .
This is the same story as in the Finnesburg Fragment . While in less detail , the Beowulf episode is complete .
In this order are the Dugong and three species of Manatees .
West Lafayette is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Jocelyn 's building campaigns also included the Bishop 's Palace , a choristers ' school , a grammar school , hospital for travellers and a chapel .
After the death of Crassus , Pompey and Caesar disputed the leadership of the Roman Republic .
Rely is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the United States and Canada , there is another system of standard paper sizes .
The Bengal Army , Madras Army , and Bombay Army were quite distinct , each with its own Regiments and cadre of European officers .
This ushered in a new era of more formalized colonialism in North America .
The second event occurred three days later when United States dropped a plutonium implosion-type device on the city of Nagasaki .
On 6 November 1999 , Australians rejected a proposal to remove the Queen and replace the Governor-General with a President appointed by a two-thirds majority of the members of the Commonwealth Parliament .
They thought that the two asteroids orbit around their center of mass in 4.283 Â 0.004 d at a distance of 680 Â 20 km , describing a close to circular orbit .
brand and Ric Flair in control of the Raw brand .
The city has 2 centres , at The Circus , which is geared towards tourism purposes , and the Independence Square , which contains the cathedral , courthouse and most of the older buildings .
The canon was later agreed at the Council of Carthage .
This new order grew in population over the ensuing decades , during which the Duke of Manchester was in 1861 recruited as Grand Prior and a national hospitaller organization was formed when the Order of St. John acquired a corps of ambulances .
He is the grandson of Hall-of-Famer Bryan Hextall , the son of former NHL player Bryan Hextall Jr. and nephew of former NHL player Dennis Hextall .
By the 1970s the National Parks and Wildlife Service took over the site .
As a result of a twentieth-century effort by architects and decorators to strip the parlor of its burial and mourning associations , helped by the advent of funeral parlors , in most homes the parlor has been replaced by the living room .
The nuclear weapon was first detonated on 6 August 1945 , when the United States dropped a uranium gun-type device on the Japanese city of Hiroshima .
Someone practicing deep meditation -LRB- such as in raja yoga -RRB- must embody the core principles of karma yoga , jnana yoga and bhakti yoga , whether directly or indirectly .
The Kalapuya population was between 4,000 and 20,000 individuals throughout the Valley before contact with whites , but shortly after contact was made and new diseases were introduction the tribes suffered from the .
It is named for its linden -LRB- lime in British English -RRB- trees that line the grassed pedestrian mall between two carriageways .
Vicente LÃ pez y PortaÃ a -LRB- September 19 , 1772 , Valencia , Spain -- July 22 , 1850 , Madrid , Spain -RRB- was a Spanish painter , considered the best portrait painter of his time .
Tourville-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
When soaked in water the seeds of several basil varieties become gelatinous . They are used in Asian drinks and desserts such as falooda or sherbet .
The team was first established in 1946 , as the Philadelphia Warriors , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where the franchise won the championship in the inaugural season of the Basketball Association of America -LRB- BAA -RRB- , the league that would eventually become the National Basketball Association . In 1962 , the franchise was relocated to San Francisco , California and became known as the San Francisco Warriors until 1971 , when its name was changed to the current Golden State Warriors .
In fall 2010 , 23,588 students were enrolled there .
A small increase in the average number of viewers was observed for the season compared to the prior season , Survivor : Africa .
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version , but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns .
In 1922 , Mandelstam and Nadezhda moved to Moscow .
No taxobox should use all of these .
Elective monarchy can practically function as a hereditary monarchy , for example in case of eligibility being limited to members of one family -LRB- or even further , if allowed by the rules of precedence in the election -RRB- . This has happened historically , usually slowly , in many past elective monarchies .
The city of Djibouti is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Djibouti .
However , the vampire , as he became known in Europe , largely originated in Southern Slavic folklore â `` although the closest equivalent in Romanian folklore relates to strigoi .
He was put in charge of the last stages of construction on Henry Ford 's Fairlane Manor in Dearborn , Michigan in 1913 .
Lorenz popularized FAPs as instinctive responses that would occur reliably in the presence of specific stimuli -LRB- called sign stimuli or releasing stimuli -RRB- .
He died in Geneva on 20 February 1969 .
He constructed the first of the hexagon - and octagon-shaped wooden casings that we have today .
There are two common types of flight recorder , the flight data recorder -LRB- FDR -RRB- and the cockpit voice recorder -LRB- CVR -RRB- .
However , IP addresses should almost never be indefinitely blocked .
It was well-organized from the start , and on September 11 , even before it emerged off the coast , the National Hurricane Center believed that it could quickly develop into a tropical depression .
`` I Do n't Want to Be '' is the debut single by Gavin Degraw on his first album Chariot .
Tuscumbia is a city in and the county seat of Colbert County , Alabama , United States .
The former TÅ kaidÅ post station of Kuwana-juku was located on the western banks of this river during the Edo period .
The image parameter can be the image name or a full image tag .
According to producer Owen Morris , the song was done in 6 to 8 hours .
Satu Mare is a city with a population of 113,688 and the capital of Satu Mare County , Romania .
Bettwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Bryan Singer , the director of the first two X-Men movies left early in the production of the movie to direct the movie Superman Returns .
Terence Chi-Shen Tao FRS -LRB- born 17 July 1975 , Adelaide , South Australia -RRB- is an Australian mathematician working primarily on harmonic analysis , partial differential equations , combinatorics , analytic number theory and representation theory .
The covers of all books show a painting by Paul Jaeg .
Reinforcements led by William Phillips -LRB- who served under Burgoyne at Saratoga -RRB- arrived in late March , and Phillips led further raids across Virginia , including a defeat of Baron von Steuben at Petersburg , until his death of fever on 12 May 1781 .
Other birds , considered to be species of special concern because of their rarity in Yellowstone , include the common loon , harlequin duck , osprey , peregrine falcon and the trumpeter swan .
In these groups , therefore , high relatedness alone does not lead to the evolution of social behavior , but requires that groups occur in a restricted , shared area .
He has called for more influence for the President and has suggested the President should be directly elected . This was the case under Germany 's Weimar Constitution .
For every 100 females there were 112.90 males .
Vaudeloges is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Taj Chan Ahk , one of the city 's most powerful rulers , built the city 's palace in 770 A.D. .
Topalov lost the World Championship match with Anand 5 Â 1\/2 â `` 6 Â 1\/2 in May 2010 .
Rastafarians say that Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia , is Jah -LRB- shortened from Jehovah -RRB- . They say that Jesus has returned again -LRB- in the form of Haile Selassie I , a.k.a. Jah -RRB- , as he promised in the Bible , and he will deliver them to Zion , their name for paradise or Ethiopia .
Cars , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Several surf contests are held there , including an international big-wave contest during the Chilean fall .
Serbia still sees the territory as Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija .
Interior decorator Herman Schrijver , who had decorated the home of the prince 's future wife , Wallis Simpson , worked on the Fort 's interiors in 1935 .
It was powered by a Paxman RPH Series 1 engine , capable of delivering 500 bhp at 1,250 rpm .
The resulting groups of data are organized and are much easier for many people to understand .
The Commonwealth of Australia is a union of six states and various territories .
Fiennes , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
He could therefore not act as a diplomat for the Dalai Lama .
The Yalta Conference , sometimes called the Crimea Conference and codenamed the Argonaut Conference , was the February 4 â `` 11 , 1945 wartime meeting of the heads of government of the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Soviet Unionâ '' President Franklin D. Roosevelt , Prime Minister Winston Churchill , and General Secretary Joseph Stalin , respectivelyâ '' for the purpose of discussing Europe 's post-war reorganization .
While his brother Tim Finn left for England , Neil was the founder of Crowded House with Split Enz 's final drummer Paul Hester in 1985 .
Climates mean the usual condition of the temperature , humidity , atmospheric pressure , wind , rainfall , and other meteorological elements around a part of the earth 's surface for a long time .
Hot Space is an album by English rock band Queen , released in 1982 .
Veal crates became illegal in the UK in 1990 , and a full ban has been placed for the entire European Union , as of 2007 .
The team 's home strip invariably features a royal blue shirt -LRB- often with white and\/or red trim -RRB- .
Danielle won the final immunity after Terry fell off and Aras jumped off after receiving a nod from Danielle .
Claudio Arrau LeÃ n -LRB- February 6 , 1903-June 9 , 1991 -RRB- was a Chilean-American pianist known for his interpretations of a vast repertoire spanning from the baroque to 20th-century composers , especially Beethoven , Schubert , Chopin , Schumann , Liszt , Brahms and Debussy . He is widely considered one of the greatest pianists of the twentieth century .
Digging is the ability to prevent the ball from touching one 's court after a spike or attack , particularly a ball that is nearly touching the ground .
Salcedo is located in the Cibao Valley , south of the Cordillera Septentrional -LRB- in English , `` Northern mountain range '' -RRB- .
Furbies were the first successful attempt to produce and sell a domestically-aimed robot .
In November 1972 , the club unveiled an official crest or logo , designed by Aberdonian graphic designer Donald Addison .
Barris was promoted to the daytime programming division at ABC in Los Angeles and was put in charge of deciding which game shows ABC would air .
Hamilton is a city in Marion County , Alabama , United States .
In 1917 , the price was increased to one penny .
In the 1930s he conducted at the Salzburg Festival -LRB- 1934 â `` 1937 -RRB- and the first concert in 1936 of the newly formed Palestine Symphony Orchestra -LRB- now the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra -RRB- in Tel Aviv , and later performed with them in Jerusalem , Haifa , Cairo and Alexandria .
Nevertheless , in 1829 , a tomb was built for him in Florence in the basilica of Santa Croce .
The TriceraTop Spin is a colorful ride for families , while Primeval Whirl is a spinning roller coaster for thrill-seekers .
The ElÃ as PiÃ a province has the DajabÃ n and Santiago RodrÃ guez provinces to the north , the San Juan province to the east , the Independencia province to the south and the Republic of Haiti to the west .
From this we see that the sum of angles of a triangle in the hyperbolic plane must be smaller than 180 Â .
He is also an adherent of hermeticism , a subject on which he has privately published a number of research papers and books .
When he poured out that string of unconscionable abuse , he solidified and united thirty men . ''
Joseph Berchtold -LRB- March 6 , 1897 -- August 23 , 1962 -RRB- , a former salesman who sold office products , he became ReichsfÃ 1\/4 hrer SS in 1926 after Julius Schreck .
The Polish-Prussian Pact of 1790 was signed .
Jonathan Nott -LRB- born 25 December 1962 , Solihull , England -RRB- is an English conductor , the son of a priest at Worcester Cathedral .
In the late 18th century , Charlottenburg 's development did not depend only on the crown .
Plots now tend to feature Westernised urbanites dating and dancing in clubs rather than centering on pre-arranged marriages .
Uniquely , the stadium shares part of the same road -LRB- Sandeman Street -RRB- as Tannadice Park , which is the home of city rivals Dundee United F.C. .
Upon F.D.R. 's death on April 12 , 1945 , Harry Truman took the presidential oath of office and Bess Truman became the new First Lady .
Metroid : Zero Mission is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance game console . It is a remake of the NES game Metroid , and it retells its story .
Gina D. Wesley-Hunt and John J. Flynn 2005 : Phylogeny of The Carnivora
Seboncourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Aleutian Islands -LRB- É Ë luË Ê É n ; possibly from Chukchi aliat , `` island '' -RRB- are a chain of more than 300 small volcanic islands . They are in the Northern Pacific Ocean .
Athlete 's foot causes scaling , flaking , and itching of the affected skin .
Its county seat is Taylorsville .
The video was shot in the Los Angeles International Airport and at the Los Angeles Department of Transportation , and was directed by John Hillcoat .
The S-Type was replaced by the Jaguar XF in the spring of 2008 .
No appointments have been made since the Partition of India in 1947 .
BÃ 1\/4 tgenbach 18 .
The Ilmor Mercedes V8 engine , was allowed . It was only used once at the 1996 Indy 500 .
Monthiers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The tests can be used to check for conditions such as Down syndrome , spina bifida , cleft palate , Tay Sachs disease , sickle cell anemia , thalassemia , cystic fibrosis , and fragile x syndrome .
The Bathurst 1000 -LRB- currently called the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 -RRB- is a 1000 k touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
On September 9 , 2008 , Hager made his start on the ECW brand under the ring name Jack Swagger , winning a match against a local wrestler .
Bayswater is a London Underground station in the Bayswater area of the City of Westminster .
Fort Dodge is served by the Fort Dodge Community School District .
Beatles for Sale was The Beatles ' fourth album in 21 months .
It was included in the 1983 album Killer on the Rampage , and has been covered by several other artists since then . The song is named after Electric Avenue , a market street in the Brixton area of London , England .
It was long thought that the first true vertebrates -LRB- fish â '' Ostracoderms -RRB- appeared in the Ordovician , but recent discoveries in China reveal that they probably originated in the Early Cambrian .
Dun nustr pan diwrnal a nu h-eidd ; e pharddun llo nustr phechad a nu , si nu pharddunan llo nustr phechadur .
A deemster is a judge in the Isle of Man .
King Henry VI had admired the achievements of William of Wykeham , who had founded the twin colleges of New College , Oxford -LRB- King 's College 's Sister College -RRB- and Winchester College in 1379 .
Lulu is an opera by the composer Alban Berg .
Most of the time , butter is made from cows ' milk , butter can also be made in factories from the milk of other mammals , like sheep , goats , buffalo , and yaks .
Then the guns switched roles to tools for game wardens and as backup firearms for professional hunters guiding international hunters .
She has been given the Orissa Sahitya Akademi Award and Bhubaneswar Book Fair award for her short stories collection Amrutara Pratikshare .
The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture , Television or Other Visual Media has been awarded since 1988 .
Hereford United F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
`` The advantage of a fictional hero or heroine is that you can know them better than you can know a living hero , many of whom you would never meet -LRB- â -RRB- if people like Harry and identify with him , I am pleased , because I think he is very likeable . ''
In 1884 he went into exile in England and also traveled to the USA .
The surface of Thebe is dark and appears to be reddish in color .
At age fifteen , Lewicki got his first taste of junior hockey with the Columbus Juniors in their playoffs against the Winnipeg Monarchs .
The first rubber ice cube tray was made by Lloyd Groff Copeman .
Its perihelion is at a quite similar longitude to those of Vesta and Ceres , though its ascending and descending nodes are opposite to the corresponding ones for those objects .
Bourrignon is a municipality of the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Manisa is a large city in Turkey 's Aegean Region and the administrative seat of Manisa Province .
Augy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
It lies approximately 16.8 miles -LRB- 27 km -RRB- southwest of Warne , near Blairsville , Georgia
Saint-Sulpice-de-Guilleragues is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Traditional artists ' canvas is made from linen , but less expensive cotton fabric has gained popularity .
There are many kinds of leukemia .
This brought her to the attention of David Garrick , who sent his deputy to see her as Calista in Nicholas Rowe 's Fair Penitent , the result being that she was engaged to appear at Drury Lane .
The name comes from the Greek hapsis , touch , and nema , thread .
Plans by architect Charles Swain proposed a 120,000 capacity ground based on the design of Hampden Park , though these plans were scaled back to give a capacity of 80,000 .
Norrey-en-Auge is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Commodus -LRB- Lucius Aurelius Commodus Antoninus , 31 August 161 â `` 31 December 192 -RRB- was Roman Emperor from 180 to 192 .
Weinberg developed the principle of genetic equilibrium independently of British mathematician G.H. Hardy .
As his sometimes turbulent relationship with Dodd developed , he found himself performing a variety of important tasks at Dodd 's Studio One hit factory , going on to record nearly thirty songs for the label .
The mines employed a few local Aboriginal people .
The first book Simon & Schuster published was a book of crossword puzzles with a pencil attached .
Vegetation in the Kalahari consists mainly of grasses and acacias but there are over 400 identified plant species present -LRB- including the wild watermelon or Tsamma melon -RRB- .
During World War II , Nissel was interned as a `` friendly enemy alien '' on the Isle of Man where he met the violist Peter Schidlof and later the violinist Norbert Brainin .
: : \* Based upon the theories of some ancient religious scholars the world is indeed flat .
On September 17 , the intensification became more rapid and Helene quickly became a Category 2 hurricane that morning as the eye became clearer and surrounded by deep convection .
Michael Anthony Richards -LRB- born July 24 , 1949 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , writer and television producer , best known for his portrayal of the eccentric Cosmo Kramer on the television sitcom Seinfeld .
Tomotaka Kitamura -LRB- born 27 May 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Montedio Yamagata .
The unit associated with the scale is called RÃ aumur , named after the physicist RenÃ - Antoine Ferchault de RÃ aumur who created it in 1731 .
Hydraulics is a topic of science and engineering subject dealing with the mechanical properties of liquids .
In his novels Frau Jenny Treibel , Irrungen , Wirrungen , and Effi Briest -LRB- 1894 -RRB- , he found his very own tone , he wrote about insights into the lives of the nobility as well as the `` common man '' ; his achievement there was later described as poetic realism .
The first goal of any new artist or band was to get signed to a contract as soon as possible .
Since all complex systems have many interconnected components , the science of networks and network theory are important aspects of the study of complex systems .
It washed out all bridges between Darien and Savannah .
Joseph Albert Pierre Paul Pilote -LRB- born December 11 , 1931 in KÃ nogami , Quebec -RRB- is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey defenceman that played his playing career for the Chicago Black Hawks and Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Today , just three genera remain .
emanating from Long 's hometown of Atlanta , Georgia .
It is the county seat of Hughes County .
His popularity in Germany results in this as well as publishing more than 20 books about cooking .
The similar social structure is attributed to convergent evolution .
They will be replaced with Ian and Tobias , respectively , for the 2016 Atlantic Hurricane Season .
Jonathan Coachman replaced him afterwards .
The flowers are complete , perfect with five narrow , triangular-pointed petals .
The immunity challenge was a trivia competition , and the five members of the Jury were allowed to compete as a team against the four remaining players .
There is a book on how to transcribe to braille , in the Library of Congress . This book has almost 200 pages .
McDiarmid was born in Carnoustie .
Jehovah 's Witnesses emphasize use of God 's biblical name , represented in the original texts by the Tetragrammaton , and in English they prefer to use the name , Jehovah . They believe that Jehovah is the only true God , the creator of all things , and give him the title `` Universal Sovereign '' .
Six days before the launch , the sculpture suffered the first of three visible structural problems as the tip of one of the spikes detached and fell to the ground .
Perlman has been a soloist for a number of movie scores , including the score of the 1993 film Schindler 's List by John Williams .
He graduated from the local gymnasium and then served in the military from 1967 to 1971 . Then , he studied Economics at the University of Bonn , earning his doctorate .
Concentrated solar power systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam .
They can breathe intense flames that can melt any material , but will never torch a weaker foe .
In the off-season , he contested two rounds of the 2009 â `` 10 GP2 Asia Series for Barwa Addax , ahead of a 2010 main series campaign with the team .
You may include a translation of this License , and all the license notices in the Document , and any Warranty Disclaimers , provided that you also include the original English version of this License and the original versions of those notices and disclaimers .
Super Aguri 's equipment was denied entry to Istanbul Park for the Turkish Grand Prix . Honda Racing 's CEO Nick Fry reportedly told the race organizers that Super Aguri would not be taking part .
All services to Waterloo and many services to Victoria and Croydon stations pass through the junction ; these include South West Trains , Gatwick Express and Southern services .
Finn married Sharon Dawn Johnson , on 13 February 1982 .
Both tribes lost a challenge to the Outcast Tribe made of the first 6 players voted off ; as a result , both tribes had to vote out a player .
Alternative country -LRB- sometimes called alt-country , or Americana -RRB- is a type of country music . It has singers or bands that sound very different mainstream or pop country music .
At this critical juncture , Hitler assumed personal control of the Wehrmacht high command , and his personal failings as a military commander arguably contributed to major defeats in the spring of 1943 , at Stalingrad and Tunis in North Africa .
Bono is married to Alison Hewson -LRB- nÃ e Stewart -RRB- .
De Poincy then quickly made Basseterre capital of the entire French West Indies colony , which included the islands of Guadeloupe and Martinique , and remained so until his death in 1660 .
It has its own training center called the DEA Academy on the United States Marine Corps base at Quantico , Virginia with the FBI Academy .
His other work has included producing the singles `` GoldenEye '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- for Tina Turner , `` Under the Bridge '' -LRB- 1998 -RRB- for All Saints and `` Down Boy '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- for Holly Valance , as well as providing remixes for artists like Janet Jackson and Sade .
Her thesis was completed in 1965 under the tutorship of Robert Hinde , former master of St. John 's College , Cambridge , titled `` Behavior of the Free-Ranging Chimpanzee , '' detailing her first five years of study at the Gombe Reserve .
`` Yellow '' is a song by English alternative rock band Coldplay .
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas and starring Harrison Ford in the title role .
Evidence can be seen in herbivorous animals such as the Koala .
Chaserey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The final battle will take place on the plain of VÃ grÃ Ã r , following which Midgard and almost all life on it will be destroyed , with the earth sinking into the sea , only to rise again , fertile and green .
The water around the islets is about 10 degrees Celsius in spring , when the water is coolest .
The Turkish Wikipedia -LRB- In Turkish : TÃ 1\/4 rkÃ e Vikipedi -RRB- is the Turkish-language edition of Wikipedia .
It starred Steve Carell as Max Smart , Anne Hathaway as Agent 99 and Alan Arkin as the chief .
Martinique exports sugar , rum , tinned fruit , and cacao from the port in Fort-de-France .
Ronald `` Ron '' Dennis CBE -LRB- born June 1 , 1947 -RRB- is the executive chairman of McLaren Automotive and McLaren Group , and is also a significant shareholder in both companies . He was also the team principal of McLaren , the group 's Formula One team , until 2009 .
The University of Utah , also known as the U or the U of U , is a public , coeducational research university in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
Queen 's Park have won the Scottish Cup the third most amount of times , behind Rangers and Celtic .
During his NHL career he placed in the top 10 leading scorers ten times .
His second jump of 18.29 m made him the first to jump 60 feet .
Artists ' brushes usually have sizes with numbers , but there is no standard .
Lake Tahoe is a fresh water lake in the Sierra Nevada .
Soon , thanks apparently to Elizabeth 's uncle , Lydia and Wickham are found and married .
While warning them about the junkyard of the gods , Aphrodite , goddess of love , tells Percy there is a romantic future waiting for him with Annabeth .
Petre , lusting after Arabella , had cut off a lock of her hair without permission , and the consequent argument had created a breach between the two families .
The gross weight of a set with all seats occupied was approximately 70 tons , giving 6.8 h per ton .
The foundations are 20 m deep .
Off the north coast of the province , some -LRB- cays -RRB- of the Jardines del Rey archipelago are being developed as tourist resorts , principally Cayo Coco and Cayo Guillermo .
Robert Alan Labonte -LRB- May 8 , 1964 -RRB- is an American race car driver in the Sprint Cup series .
The heavier weights fly at the front parallel to each other , hit either side of the legs , and the lighter weight goes around , wrapping up the legs .
This probably means article talk pages , since Google is still indexing talk pages for non-article pages .
Allmusic described Lungs as `` one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerizing albums of 2009 '' .
Guyana divides the area in six administrative regions -LRB- Barima-Waini , Cuyuni-Mazaruni , Pomeroon-Supenaam , Potaro-Siparuni , Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo and Essequibo Islands-West Demerara -RRB- while Venezuela treats it as a single entity -LRB- Guayana Esequiba or `` Zona en ReclamaciÃ n '' -RRB- .
In spite of the fact that the document failed to state clearly and specifically exactly what had been given to Tsuburaya in exchange for these rights , Japanese and Thai courts accepted this contract as real and binding because of the supposed hanko of the late Noboru Tsuburaya in the document .
When music for orchestra is in A major , the timpani are normally set to A and E a fifth apart . In most other keys , they are set a fourth apart .
It is administered by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office -LRB- FCO -RRB- .
Kazuma Irifune -LRB- born 15 November 1986 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Because of the roughly eleven-day difference between twelve lunar months and one solar year , the length of the Hebrew calendar year varies in a repeating 19-year Metonic cycle of 235 lunar months , with an intercalary lunar month added according to defined rules every two or three years , for a total of 7 times per 19 years .
Most cues are made of wood , but occasionally the wood is covered or bonded with other materials including , graphite , carbon fiber or fiberglass .
Physical custody means : who looks after the child from day to day . It is about where a child will live .
A city designated by government ordinance , also known as a designated city or government ordinance city , is a type of city in Japan .
They gave the remaining 2 % to Chaleo 's son Chalerm , but it was agreed that Mateschitz would run the company .
Inversions seen in such lines as `` fair is foul and foul is fair '' are used frequently , and another possible reference to the plot relates to the use of equivocation ; Garnettâ s A Treatise of Equivocation was found on one of the plotters .
San Marino 's postage stamps , which are valid for mail only within the country , are mostly sold to philatelists and are a source of income .
In 1923 , Tailleferre began to spend a great deal of time with Maurice Ravel at his home in Monfort-L ` Amaury .
Warren Street tube station is a London Underground station , located at the intersection of Tottenham Court Road and Euston Road .
He was the Veterans Administration 's assistant deputy administrator for congressional and public affairs from 1983 to 1984 , following three years as counsel to the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
Ancinnes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Its headquarters is Khulna city in Khulna District .
However , such blanking is done , often , and sometimes justified as removing `` POV '' -LRB- slanted point-of-view -RRB- text from the article , while effectively axing entire sections .
Phimosis is `` a contracted foreskin -LRB- that -RRB- may cause trouble by hurting when an attempt is made to pull the foreskin back '' .
MazÃ res is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Every place south of the Antarctic Circle experiences a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous daylight at least once per year , and a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous night time at least once per year .
Subversion is a crime in China .
A Gas mask is a kind of mask that fits over the face area and nose .
Franco Baresi -LRB- born 8 May 1960 -RRB- is a former Italian football player . He has played for Italy national team .
It did not take long for Rommel 's involvement to come to light .
Muscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Greenup is a city in Greenup County , Kentucky , at the confluence of the Ohio and Little Sandy Rivers .
A mast is a man-made support structure , commonly used on sailing ships as support for sails , or on land as radio masts and towers used to support telecommunication equipment such as radio antennas -LRB- `` aerials '' in the UK -RRB- .
His work often explores themes of alienation and isolation , featuring characters whose interactions are mediated through technology , bureaucracy or other power structures .
Hearst was a well-known Democrat who promoted William Jennings Bryan for president in 1896 and 1900 -LRB- Bryan did not win either election -RRB- .
Alexander Ramsey Park , located in Redwood Falls , Minnesota , is the largest municipal park in Minnesota .
Around 11:00 am EDT -LRB- 1500 UTC -RRB- , they designated the system as Tropical Depression One while it was located about 310 mi -LRB- 500 km -RRB- south of Providence , Rhode Island .
With a population of 20,076 people , CÃ cents mpulung Moldovenesc is the fourth most important city in the county , after the capital Suceava .
It has a football team called Plymouth Argyle .
... The book must be ` one of the most skilful pastiches in the history of literature .
The mouthparts lie on the underside of the head , with an `` epistome '' and labrum forming the upper lip , and a pair of maxillae forming the lower lip .
A stork carries two babies across the sea , but the evil Magikoopa Kamek emerges , and steals Baby Luigi , and Baby Mario falls onto an island in the middle of the sea , called Yoshi 's Island , home to all Yoshis . He lands on a green Yoshi , who was apparently taking a walk , and Mario and the rest of the Yoshi gang must journey through the game 's six worlds to rescue Baby Luigi and the stork back from Baby Bowser and Kamek .
For example , from spectral analyses , organic molecules are known to be present in comets and meteorites .
The Duchy of Cornwall is an estate which belongs to the Prince of Wales -LRB- who is also the Duke of Cornwall -RRB- but only part of it is in Cornwall .
Rise Against 's fifth studio album Appeal to Reason was released on October 4 in Australia . It was then released October 6 across Europe .
The University of Cambridge rowing team has a boathouse on the bank of the river , and trains there for the annual Boat Race against the University of Oxford .
In the last national census -LRB- 2002 -RRB- -RRB- , the population of Sabana Larga was of 1,966 persons .
The puffins have had to compete with gulls , and in 1949 , hundreds died from red mite infestation .
He was the only member of the group who had also been doing stand-up comedy in his free time . He was called back for a second audition a few weeks later and was ultimately invited to be a cast member ; Schaffer and Taccone were invited to join the writing staff based on their work in the trio .
The Harrow Foundation also runs an independent Grammar School in Harrow , called the John Lyon School , and several international schools .
It is the biggest of the stony -LRB- S-type -RRB- asteroids , and somewhere between the 8th to 12th biggest Main Belt asteroid overall -LRB- unsure diameters make its ranking unsure -RRB- .
In 1970 Catanzaro was designated to be the capital of Calabria .
The British Rail Class 60 is a class of Co-Co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight work .
loveliest village of the plain ... â
A well-known example of natural selection in action is the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms .
Woodside is close to South Norwood and Addiscombe .
Not necessarily the year before .
Usually opposite the entrance to the prayer hall is the qiblah wall , the visually emphasized area inside the prayer hall .
It may only be used by firms which meet certain well-defined standards .
Mello joined David 's lab in 1982 .
She was a middle child with an older sister , Mary Maude -LRB- called Memsey -RRB- and a younger sister Florence Fitch -LRB- Flossie -RRB- .
IGN asked its readers to vote for their favorite Nintendo character in which Link came first .
The origin of the name `` The Nature Coast '' : Devised in 1991 as part of a marketing campaign to lure vacationers to the nine county area , the name `` Nature Coast '' caught on quickly and describes the area formally known as the `` Big Bend '' of Florida .
Closed-circuit television cameras are installed in stations .
By being able to appoint the President , rather than having the President popularly elected from the entire nation for a fixed term , many felt that too much power was being focused into Parliament 's hand with no check or balance on that power .
At the launch the presidents elected Australian National University Vice-Chancellor Professor Ian Chubb as chairman for 2006-2009 .
NestlÃ 's flagship powdered coffee product was introduced in Switzerland on April 1 , 1938 after being developed for seven years by Max Morgenthaler and Vernon Chapman .
Diego ForlÃ n Corazo -LRB- ; born 19 May 1979 in Montevideo -RRB- is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a striker for AtlÃ tico Madrid and the Uruguayan national team .
Each device incorporates a receiver for the incoming signal and a transmitter to send the data on to the next device in the ring .
After her death , Longfellow had difficulty writing poetry for a time and focused on his translation .
The joint style of William III and Mary II was `` William and Mary , by the Grace of God , King and Queen of England , France and Ireland , Defenders of the Faith , etc. '' when they ascended the Throne .
The last centuries before the Roman invasion saw refugees from Gaul -LRB- modern day France and Belgium -RRB- known as the Belgae , who were displaced as the Roman Empire expanded .
The district was created on June 12 , 1994 by merging the previous districts Pasewalk , UeckermÃ 1\/4 nde and part of the district Strasburg .
The series ' music was composed by Kenji Kawai .
It has in the past hosted exhibition rounds of the D1 Grand Prix both in and .
Letitia Tyler , wife of the President John Tyler was a semi-invalid lady .
XO -LRB- also spelled as XÃ -RRB- is the first album released by Leathermouth .
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht -LRB- 16 August 1897 , Zhovkva , Austrian Galicia , Austria-Hungary -LRB- now in Ukraine -RRB- -- 8 May 1960 -RRB- was a member of the United Nations ' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960 .
His mastery of composition and light , and his remarkable ability to convey the volume and texture of individual objects enabled him to transform the most mundane of kitchen fare into powerful images .
It is held at Petrillo Music Shell and four other stages in Grant Park at the waterfront of Lake Michigan .
Bentonville is served by Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport , which also serves Fayetteville , Arkansas and Springdale , Arkansas .
The Estonian Wikipedia is the Estonian language edition of Wikipedia .
If you need to disable this functionality , instead use the FixInstructions configuration option on the page for which it should be disabled .
It is 19,069 km2 in area and has a population of 1,012,707 .
Kidnapping has increased by 356 % -LRB- from 5,261 in 1953 to 23,991 in 2006 -RRB- , robbery by 120 % -LRB- from 8,407 in 1953 to 18,456 in 2006 -RRB- and riots by 176 % -LRB- from 20,529 in 1953 to 56,641 in 2006 -RRB- .
Chase was awarded the 2003 Best Villain award at the MTV Movie Awards . She beat out Mike Myers , Colin Farrell , Willem Dafoe and Daniel Day-Lewis .
Godwin 's law -LRB- also known as Godwin 's Rule of Nazi Analogies or Godwin 's Law of Nazi Analogies -RRB- is a humorous observation made by Mike Godwin in 1990 which has become an Internet adage .
Southwest Florida International Airport -LRB- airport code KRSW -RRB- serves the city of Fort Myers , Florida .
In between , NY 199 crosses over the Hudson River by way of the Kingstonâ `` Rhinecliff Bridge and passes through the communities of Red Hook and Pine Plains .
In the early morning hours of December 11 , 1974 , government troops stormed the campus , killed some of the students guarding the makeshift mausoleum , removed U Thant 's coffin , and reburied it at the foot of the Shwedagon Pagoda , where it has continued to lie .
They were named after the Frisian Islands : Lager Norderney , Lager Borkum , Lager Sylt and Lager Helgoland .
`` Treehouse of Horror '' episode aired on October 25 , 1990 and was inspired by EC Comics Horror tales .
Hamilton ended the final in seventh , four places behind Schumacher .
A racing version was also available for a short time - FBE - with individual throttle butterflies for each cylinder .
Ligny-Thilloy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Unknown Hinson is a singer and the voice of Early Cuyler on the adult swim program Squidbillies . His real name is Stuart Daniel Baker .
J. Sainsbury plc is the parent company of Sainsbury 's Supermarkets Ltd , commonly known as Sainsbury 's -LRB- also Sainsbury and JS -RRB- , the third largest chain of supermarkets in the United Kingdom with a share of the UK supermarket sector of 16.5 % .
Thunder Bay -LRB- 2006 census population 109,140 -RRB- , formerly the twin cities of Fort William and Port Arthur , is a city in and the seat of Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
New Line also released many classic foreign-language films , like Stay as you are , Immoral Tales and Get Out Your Handkerchiefs -LRB- which became the first New Line film to win an Oscar -RRB- .
being subsequently arrested by the Kashmir authorities , into whose territory they had escaped .
It is also the nearest railway station to the town of Brackley .
For individual articles treating works for piano trio , see : Category : Compositions for piano trio .
Another person was Dr. Saifuddin Kitchlew , a Muslim barrister who wanted political change and also preached non-violence .
The attempt by one country to unilaterally impose itself on the rest of the world is not only undesirable but simply wo n't work . ''
Sus-Saint-L Ã ger is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Texas Blues is a type of blues .
Radiation pressure is the pressure exerted upon any surface exposed to electromagnetic radiation .
The list also does not take into account the resale of used albums or as the emergence of illegal downloading of digital music .
The season began slowly ; through the end of July , the seasonal ACE was the third lowest since the geostationary satellite era began in 1966 .
Full info about Nadia ComÄ neci is here Nadia Elena ComÄ neci -LRB- born November 12 , 1961 -RRB- is a former Romanian gymnast . She is famous for scoring the first ever perfect 10 in Olympic gymnastics history in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Umaga later kicked Batista in the face , which caused him to fall back-first outside the ring from the ring-apron .
Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , the start of the third season was postponed for a week , as were most American television premieres that year .
In South America they extend through subtropical eastern Brazil well into temperate northern Argentina .
Marcelo Miguel Pelissari -LRB- born 20 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The short wavelength limit is likely to be the Planck length , and the long wavelength limit is the size of the universe itself , though in principle the spectrum is infinite .
Most structural support came from a thick , bark-like region .
In 1917 , local branches of the Polska Organizacja Wojskowa were made .
Many instruments may be incorporated into the music , but the overall sound is defined by a definitive bass or drum beat and electric guitars .
The album featured guest vocals such as Ol' Dirty Bastard , Snoop Dogg , The Jerky Boys and Twiztid .
It went into force around the world in 1919 when it became part of the Treaty of Versailles .
Saint-Julien-du-Gua is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
His brother Marzuki Stevens is a nationally recognized marathon runner .
The robust australopithecines , members of the extinct hominin genus Paranthropus -LRB- Greek para `` beside '' , Greek anthropos `` human '' -RRB- , were bipedal hominids that probably descended from the gracile australopithecine hominids -LRB- Australopithecus -RRB- .
The Achterhoek is a region in the eastern part of the Netherlands , Europe .
There are four main highways that lead into Managua .
Andy is initially reluctant to give him to her , but eventually does so and then spends some time playing with her before he departs .
River Plate won the `` round of losers '' and qualified for the final , with Gimnasia having home field advantage .
deposed in Second Schleswig War and resigned by Treaty of Vienna .
There is a considerable number of Latin loans -LRB- sometimes obscured by being subject to Basque phonology and grammar for centuries -RRB- , for example : lore -LRB- `` flower '' , from florem -RRB- , errota -LRB- `` mill '' , from rotam , '' -LRB- mill -RRB- wheel '' -RRB- , gela -LRB- `` room '' , from cellam -RRB- .
Ice hockey events in the year ' .
The adjective Gondwanan is in common use in biogeography when referring to patterns of distribution of living organisms , typically when the organisms are restricted to two or more of the now-discontinuous regions that were once part of Gondwana , including the Antarctic flora .
-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- AÃ Ã Ã Ã Ã Ã
The University of Southern California -LRB- USC -RRB- is a private , not-for-profit , nonsectarian , research university located in Los Angeles , California , USA .
She was an instrumental figure in the Pakistan movement and the primary organiser of the All India Muslim Women Students Federation .
In Manning 's interpretation , the second toe claw would be used as a climbing aid when subduing bigger prey and also as stabbing weapon .
Juche is the group of ideas professed by North Korean leaders Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jong-Il . Juche means self-reliance , and has contributed to North Korea 's isolation .
The record was unbeaten until 1984 , when Francesco Moser broke it using a specially designed bicycle .
The match contained many notable moments , including points where Jericho , Christian , Benjamin and Kane all jumped over the top rope to the outside of the ring to knock down multiple opponents .
AirPort and AirPort Extreme are local area wireless networking products from Apple Inc. based on the IEEE 802.11 standard -LRB- also known as Wi-Fi -RRB- .
In American football , the Scottish Claymores of NFL Europe played at the stadium between 1998 and 2004 before decamping to Hamburg to become the Hamburg Sea Devils .
The sport was started when Dutch artist Iepe Rubingh , given the idea by a similar sport in the writing of Enki Bilal , started actual matches .
The proposal would have removed references to the Queen from the Constitution and replaced the Governor-General with a President nominated by the Prime Minister , but subject to the approval of a two-thirds majority of both Houses of the Parliament .
The reason is that Polish and most other Slavic languages do not have those words , and even in Vulgar Latin they were not so strong yet .
Hitler sent an ultimatum to Schuschnigg on 11 March , saying that he must hand over all power to the Austrian Nazis or face an invasion .
Two separate areas in Baldwin County have been designated `` Outstanding Alabama Water '' by the Alabama Environmental Management Commission which oversees the Alabama Department of Environmental Management .
Lucas Neill -LRB- born 9 March 1978 -RRB- is an Australian football player . He plays for Galatasaray and Australia national team .
One day he impulsively wrote on a piece of Hotel stationary to his mistress , `` If I die on my trip to India I leave my entire estate to you . ''
Natural capital is described in the book Natural Capitalism as a metaphor for the mineral , plant , and animal formations of the Earth 's biosphere when viewed as a means of production of oxygen , water filter , erosion preventer , or provider of other ecosystem services .
Calhoun County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Graham received the Big Brother of the Year Award for his work on behalf of children .
Murray County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
To date , Lu has written over 200 books in Chinese on various topics , including feng shui and poetry .
Jaroslav PlaÅ il -LRB- born 5 January 1982 in OpoÄ no -RRB- is a Czech footballer who currently plays for Bordeaux and the Czech Republic national football team .
The Roe Deer or -LRB- Capreolus capreolus -RRB- is a deer species of Europe and Asia Minor .
Vologases IV of Parthia -LRB- 147 â `` 191 -RRB- made peace but was forced to cede western Mesopotamia to the Romans .
Meanwhile the bushrangers in his district became more active .
James Buchanan -LRB- April 23 , 1791 - June 1 , 1868 -RRB- was the 15th President of the United States .
I. Cape Lookout , North Carolina was hit by a major hurricane on September 3 .
It debuted at # 2 on the Billboard 200 album chart , selling 439,000 copies in its first week of release .
If the parameter is empty or missing , it returns an empty string .
She is credited with starting Israel 's annual Hebrew Book Week .
Davis later said `` I prefer a round sound with no attitude in it , like a round voice with not too much tremolo and not too much Baseline bass .
Rich also praised the fact that , unlike many cartoon television series , Avatar introduces antagonists that have a deep backstory and `` are -LRB- not -RRB- just evil for the sake of it '' .
The house where he stayed in Vianden , Luxembourg , in 1871 has also become a commemorative museum .
Freedom of speech .
In laboratories successful transfers have been reported from bacteria to yeast , plants , mammalian cells , and isolated mammalian mitochondria .
Webbville 's prominent citizens moved to Marianna and the L&N Railroad decided to bypass the town .
Before nationalisation of the railways in 1948 and the creation of British Railways , three of the `` Big Four '' railway companies operated in Northamptonshire : the London , Midland and Scottish Railway , London and North Eastern Railway and Great Western Railway .
The Synod of Dort -LRB- also known as the Synod of Dordt or the Synod of Dordrecht -RRB- was a National Synod held in Dordrecht in 1618-1619 , by the Dutch Reformed Church , to settle a serious controversy in the Dutch churches initiated by the rise of Arminianism .
He named this his `` Golden Theorem '' but it became generally known as `` Bernoulli 's Theorem '' .
Currently a guest columnist at The New York Times , Schiff resides in New York City and Edmonton , Alberta .
Marcel SchÃ fer -LRB- born 7 June 1984 in Aschaffenburg -RRB- is a German footballer .
Thunder Bridge is a hamlet located near the villages of Stocksmoor and Kirkburton , in the Kirklees district , in the county of West Yorkshire , England .
When Alabama became a state in 1819 , the state legislature adopted the design as the official state seal .
Fortunately , most of the major churches , two of them now UNESCO World Heritage Sites , were rebuilt in the original style soon after the war .
From 2005 , districts only have a statistical meaning .
The male has small pale subapical spots on the fore wing and a few red spots on the hind wing .
After being rescued and discharged , Agustin returned to Texas to become a masked wrestler .
A Rush of Blood to the Head won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album at the 2003 Grammy Awards .
Robert John Arthur `` Rob '' Halford -LRB- born 25 August 1951 -RRB- is an English singer-songwriter , who is best known as the lead vocalist for the Grammy Award-winning heavy metal band Judas Priest .
In 2004 , Rolling Stone magazine ranked Jackie Wilson # 68 on their list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time .
Today , together with her mother , Meave Leakey , she leads the Koobi Fora research project , which has been the main program behind some of the most notable hominid fossil discoveries of the past two decades , the most recent being Kenyanthropus platyops .
Louchats is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The Nazis thought he was a knight who symbolized German perfection , looking towards the east for new lands to conquer .
The Osservatorio Astrometrico Santa Lucia Stroncone -LRB- Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory -RRB- is an observatory that studies stars in the sky . It is found in the town of Stroncone in Italy .
Bassett is a city in Chickasaw County , Iowa , United States .
\* -LRB- å å â -RRB- .
The vlei rats in the genera Otomys and Parotomys are often placed in a separate subfamily , Otomyinae . They have been shown to be closely related to African murines in spite of their uniqueness .
He relocated to Los Angeles that year and began his first studio album , 1998 's Rufus Wainwright .
Voyager 2 revealed that Neptune 's atmosphere was very dynamic , even though it receives only 3 % of the sunlight Jupiter receives .
According to Yates and Mather , `` His large family , in particular , reared in conditions of great financial stringency , was a personal expression of his genetic and evolutionary convictions . ''
Antimony pentoxide , also known as antimony pentaoxide and antimony -LRB- V -RRB- oxide , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is Sb2O5 .
Anastasia also had a weak muscle in her back .
Cadmium forms chemical compounds in two oxidation states : +1 and +2 . The +1 state is rare and unstable .
Eric Holder -LRB- born January 21 , 1951 -RRB- is the current Attorney General of the United States , serving under President Barack Obama .
Gustave Caillebotte -LRB- ; 19 August 1848 â `` 21 February 1894 -RRB- was a French painter , member and patron of the group of artists known as Impressionists , though he painted in a much more realistic manner than many other artists in the group .
John McCain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 Presidential Election while 70.9 % of people of Utah liked for George W. Bush in 2004 .
About 88 % of the population of Tamil Nadu are Hindus .
The situation is particularly dire in Germany , where an estimated 1400 tonnes of feces are deposited daily on public property .
Once the circus is set up , Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son , and she is locked up and deemed mad . Dumbo is shunned by the other elephants and with no mother to care for him , he is now alone , except for a self-appointed mentor and protector , Timothy Q. Mouse , who feels sympathy for Dumbo and becomes determined to make him happy again .
It also damaged roads and businesses .
The World Meteorological Organization retired two names in the spring of 1980 : David and Frederic .
On August 13 , 1943 , Graham married Wheaton classmate Ruth Bell -LRB- 1920 â `` 2007 -RRB- , whose parents were Presbyterian missionaries in China , where her father , L. Nelson Bell , was a general surgeon .
Typically the former is given over to home supporters , and the latter to visiting supporters .
The chief medical examiner attributed the testosterone level to Benoit possibly being treated for a deficiency caused by previous steroid abuse or testicular insufficiency .
Interstitial fluid -LRB- or tissue fluid -RRB- is a solution that bathes and surrounds the cells of multicellular animals . It is the main component of the extracellular fluid , which also includes plasma and transcellular fluid .
It has been said that the music for the game show Starcade was taken from the music for Dig Dug .
The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored and presented by the American adult video industry trade magazine AVN -LRB- Adult Video News -RRB- to honor exceptional performance in various aspects of the creation and marketing of American pornographic movies .
Polychlorinated biphenyls -LRB- PCBs ; CAS number -RRB- are a class of organic compounds with 1 to 10 chlorine atoms attached to biphenyl , which is a molecule composed of two benzene rings . The chemical formula for PCBs isC12H10-xClx .
Fort Ouiatenon was the first fortified European settlement in what is now called Indiana .
Waterways : A long stretch of the river Ganges â `` from Allahabad -LRB- Uttar Pradesh -RRB- to Haldia -LRB- West Bengal -RRB- â `` has been declared as National Waterway -LRB- NW -RRB- - I and 600 km of the total NW-I lies in Uttar Pradesh .
In the early twentieth century , Janeitism was `` principally a male enthusiasm shared among publishers , professors , and literati '' .
Verneuil-sous-Coucy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Aldgate tube station is a London Underground station located at Aldgate in the City of London .
The subunguis is the soft , flaky layer , and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth .
Takuma Sato and Yuji Ide were the initial race drivers for the team in the 2006 season . Franck Montagny as the third driver .
Leo is considered to be a `` masculine '' , positive -LRB- extrovert -RRB- sign .
Hisashi Kurosaki -LRB- born 8 May , 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In this role he was dressed up as a female and did a parody of the great opera singer Joan Sutherland singing the mad scene from Lucia di Lammermoor .
In American drum and bugle corps , G was the traditional key for bugles to be pitched in through the year 2000 .
One of the first Maseratis , driven by Alfieri , won the 1926 Targa Florio .
It may also contain a lot of toppings , including sliced ham or fried eggplant slices .
The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe is a 2005 fantasy adventure film directed by Andrew Adamson and based on The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , the first published book in C. S. Lewis 's children 's series , The Chronicles of Narnia .
He had stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting and bad smelling breath .
Sykes ' third comedy special , Wanda Sykes : I ` ma Be Me premiered on HBO in October 2009 .
The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon -LRB- Latin : Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici -RRB- , commonly known as the Knights Templar or the Order of the Temple -LRB- French : Ordre du Temple or Templiers -RRB- , were among the most famous of the Western Christian military orders .
An example of such a city was Hereford , whose city council was merged in 1998 to form a unitary Herefordshire .
Many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining Wikipedia , as they struggled to gain more power , but were continually ignored or rejected .
He is one of China 's best-known athletes . He has sponsorships with several major companies , and he has been the richest celebrity in China for five straight years .
If the real part of a complex number is zero , then the number is called an imaginary number or is referred to as purely imaginary ; if the imaginary part is zero , then the number is a real number .
Neubrandenburg -LRB- New Brandenburg , -RRB- is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .
Br ` er Rabbit -LRB- also spelled Bre ' r Rabbit or Brer Rabbit or Bruh Rabbit , with the title `` Br ` er '' -RRB- is an important character in the Uncle Remus stories in the Southern United States .
The world mocks at it , and sometimes puts one in the pillory for it . ''
He ascended the throne when he was 20 , having been made heir by his uncle Emperor Cheng , who was childless , and he reigned from 7 BC to 1 BC .
The center of the breast is the nipple . The areola is a circular area around the nipple .
This indicates that Confuciusornis had hues of gray , red\/brown and black , possibly something like the modern zebra finch .
In 1851 , however , J. F. Encke suggested using a circled number .
Jeffrey Donald ` Jeff ' McDill -LRB- born March 16 , 1956 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1976 â `` 77 NHL season .
Guy Berryman , a classmate of Martin and Buckland , later joined the group .
Marpa Lotsawa -LRB- 1012 â `` 1097 -RRB- , sometimes known fully as Lhodak Marpa Choski Lodos or commonly as Marpa the Translator , was a Tibetan Buddhist teacher credited with the transmission of many Buddhist teachings to Tibet from India , including the teachings and lineages of Vajrayana and Mahamudra .
If a race has to be abandoned before 75 % of the planned distance has been completed all points are halved .
Jack Palance February 18 , 1919 - November 10 , 2006 , was an American actor .
Signed by an agent at age 15 , she made her acting debut at 16 on television , and her feature film debut the following year in JamÃ n , jamÃ n -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , to critical acclaim .
The engine lubrication is a dry sump type , cooled by a single water pump .
There was in that sense a kind of uplifting grandeur .
The original all-steel 4,105-seat North stands were built in 1958 . In 1962 and 1968 the upper decks were added to the East and West sides bringing capacity to its all-time high of 58,121 .
Bernesq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Construction continued with the addition of the South Portico in 1824 and the North in 1829 .
Ancyridris is a small genus of myrmicine ants . The genus has only two described species from New Guinea .
Scooby-Doo 2 : Monsters Unleased is the sequel to the movie Scooby-Doo , released in 2004 by Warner Bros.
The only exception made is for children of members who demonstrate an understanding of the Church philosophy and practices who wish to join .
However , one well-preserved specimen of Velociraptor mongoliensis -LRB- IGM 100\/986 -RRB- has an articulated tail skeleton that is curved horizontally in a long S-shape .
Outside of Samaritan Health Services there is Albany Family & Specialty Medicine that provides medical services to the community .
This unstable allotrope , being molecular , is the most volatile , least dense and most toxic .
This decentralization is often used to advantage to compensate for the single-point-failure disadvantage that is present when using a single device as a central node -LRB- e.g. , in star and tree networks -RRB- .
John Belushi 's life is detailed in the 1985 biography Wired : The Short Life and Fast Times of John Belushi by Bob Woodward . Many friends and relatives of Belushi , including his wife Judy , Dan Aykroyd and James Belushi , agreed to be interviewed at length for the book , but later felt the final product was exploitative and not representative of the John Belushi they knew .
The family who owned the bookstore had also owned the carnival in which the car was used .
One of these was Gareth Thomas MP , chair of the Co-operative Party since 2001 and of the Co-operative Congress in 2003 , who was invited to join the parliamentary group in 2003 .
Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements .
After passing over Manila and emerging over the South China Sea , the typhoon made a second landfall in central Vietnam , also causing flooding and landslides there and in Thailand .
Obsidian cores -LRB- unworked lumps -RRB- and blades were traded great distances inland from the coast .
Carles Puyol i Saforcada -LRB- ; born 13 April 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team .
Its discovery was announced at the 2003 annual meeting of the Society for Vertebrate Paleontology and a phylogenetic analysis which included it was presented in an abstract for the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology in 2005 .
It is subject only to Section 116 , freedom of religion , and possibly other such freedoms .
In his first works Husserl tries to combine mathematics , psychology and philosophy with a main goal to provide a sound foundation for mathematics .
Victoria is the capital city of the province of British Columbia , Canada .
He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader , the third installment of The Chronicles of Narnia film series .
â '' Line 4 , currently known as Trinitat Nova â `` La Pau , usually called `` lÃ nia groga '' -LRB- yellow line -RRB- , is a line in the Barcelona Metro network operated by TMB , and part of the ATM fare-integrated transport network .
If the Lord is God , follow him ; but if Baal is God , follow him . ''
In total , about 6,000 Nuremberg residents are estimated to have been killed in air raids .
His average of 1.97 goals per game was the first time a goaltender had averaged fewer than two goals against per game .
Though the main prize for PepsiCo was Gatorade noncarbonated sports drink , Quaker 's cereal and snack food division serves as seemingly healthier complement to the existing Frito-Lay salty-snacks division .
Sometimes dinner can mean a meal eaten in the middle of the day .
The International Monetary Fund , a related institution , is the second .
The movie is directed by Andrew Dominik , with Brad Pitt portraying Jesse James and Casey Affleck as Robert Ford .
As part of the Treaty of Versailles -LRB- 1757 -RRB- between Austria and France it was intended that Philip would become King of the Southern Netherlands , in a deal that would see French troops occupy key positions in the country â `` however this arrangement was repudiated by the subsequent Third Treaty of Versailles and Philip continued in Parma .
Ionization energy is the energy needed to take an electron from an atom .
It is open weekday mornings and it does not cost money to see it .
Romania also has 5 cities that have more than 200,000 people living in them : GalaÅ # i , BraÅ ov , PloieÅ ti , BrÄ ila , and Oradea .
As the most important divinity in Ancient Rome , many temples were built to honor Jupiter or the entire Capitoline Triad -LRB- consisting of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva -RRB- in towns newly conquered by the Romans .
In March 2008 it was announced that he was be an executive producer in an American adaptation of the hit Peruvian comedy My Problem with Women for NBC .
After a string of unsuccessful performances culminated in his elimination at the early stages of the 2009 World Cup , Ivanchuk announced , in a highly emotional interview , his retirement from professional chess .
The locus classicus of the eighteenth century portrayal of the American Indian is that of Alexander Pope , unquestionably the most famous and widely-translated poet of his day . In his philosophical poem , `` Essay on Man '' -LRB- 1734 -RRB- , Pope wrote : Lo , the poor Indian !
Snipers will often make several different ghillie suits to help them hide in different kinds of terrain . These suits are very effective at hiding the sniper .
The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge in east central Scotland .
Search engine marketing pundits speculate that Google Instant will have a great impact on local and paid search .
Up to 20,000 miners worked the fields including about 2,000 Chinese miners .
Werdau is a town in Germany , part of the Landkreis Zwickau in the administrative region of Chemnitz , the Free State of Saxony .
He wrote that `` any star which rises and sets always rises and sets at the same point in the horizon . ''
His performances earned him a 2008 Mercedes C Klasse for the 2008 season , as a reward for his exceptional debut season in the DTM championship .
While in Holland , Belmont urged American annexation of Cuba as a new slave state in what became known as the Ostend Manifesto .
SummerSlam -LRB- 2009 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on August 23 , 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles , California .
When the Caliphate dissolved in 1031 , the territory split into small Taifas , and gradually the Christian kingdoms started the Reconquest up to 1492 , when Granada , the last kingdom of Al-Andalus fell under the Catholic Monarchs .
All songs written by Wainwright .
This park is also known as , Chitral Gol National Park .
A chariot is a type of transport used by many ancient civilisations and people . A chariot is horse-drawn , meaning that is pulled along by horses .
Peak-to-peak amplitude is the change between peak -LRB- highest amplitude value -RRB- and trough -LRB- lowest amplitude value , which can be negative -RRB- .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklearv .
Aerobics classes may allow participants to select their level of participation according to their fitness level .
Mr. Men is a series of 52 children 's books by Roger Hargreaves started in 1971 .
BrnÃ nad Labem -LRB- German : Birnai -RRB- is a part of city Ã stÃ nad Labem , Czech republic .
The gymnasium , comprising training areas for gymnastics , table-tennis and judo , occupies the second floor , while lock-ups for the Uniformed Groups and the Guitar Ensemble are located on third level .
The page '' : $ 1 '' has been added to your watchlist . Changes to this page and its Talk page will be listed there .
Lavrentiy Pavlovich Beria -LRB- or Beriya ; ; ; 29 March 1899 â `` 23 December 1953 -RRB- was a Georgian Soviet politician , and chief of the Soviet security and secret police apparatus -LRB- NKVD -RRB- under Joseph Stalin .
He received the subdiaconate on 18 August 1748 and diaconate on 25 August 1748 .
He has also played with the Red Hot Chili Peppers , Nine Inch Nails , and The Panic Channel .
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
Alfred , Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha -LRB- Alfred Ernest Albert ; 6 August 1844 â `` 30 July 1900 -RRB- was the third Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha reigning between 1893 and 1900 . He was the second son of Victoria of the United Kingdom and Albert .
Le Tourneur is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Ã lisabeth Charlotte was born at the ChÃ cents teau de Saint-Cloud the daughter of Philippe , Duke of OrlÃ ans and of his second wife , Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate .
Vivid crimson coloring , slight moistness , elasticity , recent harvest date , and lack of broken-off thread debris are all traits of fresh saffron .
John Bellamy Foster -LRB- born August 19 , 1953 -RRB- is editor of the independent socialist magazine Monthly Review and professor of sociology at the University of Oregon in Eugene .
Adams has been nominated for five Golden Globe .
The title is from the lyrics to the Jefferson Airplane song `` White Rabbit '' .
Following the gestation period , a single rubbery-skinned egg between 13 and 17 millimetres in diameter is laid directly into a small , backward-facing pouch that has developed on her abdomen .
The multilateral Chemical Weapons Convention -LRB- CWC -RRB- was signed in 1993 and entered into force -LRB- EIF -RRB- in 1997 .
During his Winchester period , Weelkes composed a further two volumes of madrigals -LRB- 1598 , 1600 -RRB- .
A rail line runs through town but serves only as freight transportation for the local paper mill .
Alice , learning of her brother 's incarceration , came to Germany with her husband to plead with his American captors for his release .
The administrative seat is Ansbach but the most populated city is Nuremberg .
They began a theater tour of the United States on May 27 , 1994 , with the opening acts Tad and Eleven .
These include an enclosed arena\/community center with baseball and soccer fields , a lawn bowling club and public tennis courts . There is also an agricultural society with grounds used for a fall fair and campsites .
In 2009 , the side had their most impressive achievement to date by reaching the European Championships Final , losing 6-2 to Germany .
North Carolina Highway 12 -LRB- NC 12 -RRB- is a road in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Archeological finds , especially in Pompeii , show the Roman goddess Venus wearing a bikini .
The first generation S3 is built on the same A platform of the Audi A3 , Volkswagen Golf Mk4 , Audi TT , SEAT LeÃ n and Å koda Octavia .
The Gulf of California -LRB- also named as the Sea of Cortez or Sea of CortÃ s ; and nearby is known in the Spanish language as Mar de CortÃ s or Mar Bermejo or Golfo de California -RRB- is a area of water that is inbetween the Baja California Peninsula and Mexican mainland .
It has to be someone who has either been homeless for a year or more , or has been homeless four episodes times in the past three years . ''
Ahaziah or Ochozias -LRB- -- -- '' '' -RRB- -LRB- Israel , ca .
The Captain is forced to convene an immediate court-martial , and the officers find Billy guilty and sentence him to hang .
The Treaties were signed in October 1925 at Locarno .
Erwin Koeman -LRB- born 20 September 1961 in Zaandam , Noord-Holland -RRB- is a Dutch football manager and former football player .
Unlike all the other pieces , pawns can not move backwards .
Epping station is in the Epping Forest District of Essex .
It was once found widely throughout the tropical forests of eastern South America and now ranges throughout varied habitat as far south as northern Argentina .
An analysis of crater densities over the surface indicates that the areas with lower crater density are within 9 kilometers of the impact point .
It is located in the north of the Punjab province , Jhelum district is bordered by Sargodha to its south , Gujrat and the Jhelum River to its south and east , Chakwal to its west , Mirpur to its east , and Rawalpindi to its north .
On September 22 , 1924 , Willie Hoppe , the world 's balkline champion -LRB- who later took up three-cushion with a passion -RRB- , and Ralph Greenleaf , the world 's straight pool title holder , played a well advertised , multi-day , to 600 .
In 1925 , when he first proposed an agreement with France , he made it clear that in doing so he intended to `` gain a free hand to secure a peaceful change of the borders in the East and -LRB- ... -RRB- concentrate on a later incorporation of German territories in the East '' .
Strong winds caused widespread power outages across southeastern New England .
The official historical uniform of Gimnasia y Esgrima is based on the colors displayed in the club shield , as established in the institutional statute .
Along with Annabeth and Percy 's half brother Tyson , Percy journeys on an unapproved quest to find Grover .
Carville was a co-host of CNN 's Crossfire until its final broadcast in June 2005 .
The main species harvested for vanillin is Vanilla planifolia .
The Executive branch is made up of the President , Vice President , Prime Minister , and the Council of Ministers .
Hamas is an acronym of the Arabic phrase Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ù
Jonathan Simon Woodgate -LRB- born 22 January 1980 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Tottenham Hotspur as a defender .
Protestant expansion outside of Europe occurred on a smaller scale through colonisation of North America and areas of Africa .
While they drew heavily on the U.S. Constitution for the organization of the federal state as a whole , they opted for the collegial rather than the presidential system for the executive branch of government .
Stewart is famous for the Martha Stewart Living TV show and magazine .
The Alps do not make an impassable block ; they have been traveled by for war and commerce , and later by pilgrims , students and tourists .
Its population as of the 2001 census was 8,000,550 , making it the most populous English region .
They are increasingly -LRB- though still rarely -RRB- found on North American packaging , especially in Canada .
In seclusion , Janu became happy as she was away from the others that alienated her .
The foreskin is attached to the glans by a frenulum , which helps return the foreskin over the glans .
He has also played for the American national junior ice hockey team and played in three World Junior Championships , where he set a record for career points by an American .
Pilots noted that they saw surviving enemy troops waving white flags on subsequent passes after dropping napalm .
Recall that , outside an image-table , the parameter `` right '' causes an image to align -LRB- either -RRB- above or below an infobox , but would not float alongside the infobox .
It first spread to England in 1764 where it was gradually accepted widely in foot regiments .
In the years between convict settlement and the start of the modern tourist industry the area most people worked in the timber industry and fishing .
His character is a magic boy who can fly and who refuses to grow up . Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood playing on the small island of Neverland as the leader of his gang the Lost Boys .
4 was also in the enharmonic key of E-flat minor .
On March 9 of that year he made his debut at Carnegie Hall in New York , playing Richard Strauss 's Don Quixote under the baton of the composer .
On 12 July 2006 , Kyle MacDonald made his final trade with the town of Kipling after a successful series of trades from one red paperclip .
When Jonny Buckland , the band 's guitarist , started playing it and added to it with his own ideas , they had created the riff , `` and it sort of got a bit heavier '' .
The villages in the borough are popular with commuters to Bedford , and also with people who commute to Milton Keynes and to London .
They thought that by adding a turbine to turn the supercharger , it would yield a `` turbosupercharger '' .
He played two games in the National Hockey League with the Maple Leafs in the 1984 â `` 85 season .
Derby could not win the title again the next season , but they did get to the semi-finals of the European Cup , but they lost to Juventus .
Beuve-M Ã ry reportedly demanded total editorial independence as the condition for his taking on the project .
Laconophilia is love or liking of Sparta and of the Spartan culture .
; es : Defines the CSS style for even-numbered rows .
Ron Dennis was placed at number 648 in the Sunday Times Rich List 2006 with a net worth of Â # 90 million , however The Times put his wealth at Â # 200 million in 2009 .
It was Butterworth who said to Vaughan Williams that it would be a good idea to turn the symphonic poem he was working on into his London Symphony .
On average , two supersisters have 75 percent of the same genes .
Fucking is an Austrian village in the municipality of Tarsdorf , in the Innviertel region of western Upper Austria .
Out-of-order execution has been used in most recent high-performance CPUs to achieve some of their speed gains .
In 1977 , he became famous internationally for his work on the human rights manifesto , Charter 77 . He became known as a leader of the opposition in Czechoslovakia .
The chromosomes of a cell are in the cell nucleus .
She is married to Richard Leakey , the son of Louis and Mary Leakey .
His methodology was to interfere with developing embryos and observe the outcome .
Rabat features a Mediterranean climate .
This is our Nation , this is our Land , the land that we own .
He won a gold medal in the 2009 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament in Slovakia and a gold medal in the 2009 World U-17 Hockey Challenge in British Columbia .
Putna is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Pocahontas often went to the settlement and played games with the boys there .
Working closely with The Live CD Project , Texstar has since developed that fork independently into a full-fledged distribution .
Shillong is the capital of Meghalaya . The East Khasi Hills district is in Shillong .
All four museums share the Tate Collection .
The crown of head feathers was mainly reddish with a gray base and front , and the face had rufous speckles among predominantly black head feathers .
The Black Metaltail -LRB- Metallura phoebe -RRB- is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Saint-Mard is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Arizona had been the only team in past matches to compete without a flag .
The nor ` easter eventually transitioned into another hurricane that made landfall in Nova Scotia .
Rock Falls is a city in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven , trailed by Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of whom have won six .
Hsinchu County controls one township-level city -LRB- ? ? ? -RRB- , three urban townships -LRB- ? -RRB-
The ID number is apparent in the URL of the HDS article , for example http://www.hls-dhs-dss.ch/textes/d/D16654.php .
PrÃ chac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Parkes hosts the annual Parkes Elvis Festival . It is held in early January to celebrate Presley 's birthday and to boost tourism .
The Creative Commons licenses relates to the name of copyright licenses released on December 16 , 2002 . The licenses were released by Creative Commons , a United States nonprofit corporation .
The first issue did not have advertisements on the front page as previously , but instead news text and engraved pictures -LRB- of a traitor and an actress -RRB- , with the promise of photographs inside .
It is the home of the famed Sanctuary of Our Lady of LicheÅ hosting Our Lady of Sorrows , Queen of Poland .
Chacenay is a commune in the Aube dÃ partement in north-central France .
Climate Change 1995 , the IPCC Second Assessment Report -LRB- SAR -RRB- , was finished in 1996 .
Steve Hrymnak -LRB- born March 3 , 1926 in Port Arthur , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey . His career included playeing 18 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks and Detroit Red Wings .
Of the six planned volumes , only the first two were ever completed .
In 1975 â `` 76 , Oddleifson would have his finest NHL season , as he notched 16 goals and a club-leading 46 assists for a career high 62 points .
With the loss of language prestige and status , most Lubanas now speak other forms of Panjabi as their primary language .
It is a spiritual successor to 2004 's Red Dead Revolver .
William wanted it to be a home for disabled KNIL soldiers .
It took the famous sculptor Tilman Riemenschneider 14 years to carve : between 1499 and 1513 .
Frequent literary references to George Sand can be found in Possession -LRB- 1990 -RRB- by A. S. Byatt .
Setanta Sports is an Irish sports broadcaster , operating 12 channels in 24 countries . Setanta Sports was formed in 1990 .
Tomlak was drafted 208th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft .
When Hercules and Iolaus arrive in Alturia they ask a woman where the monster is and she tells Hercules that there is n't any monster .
Their daughter Deena Afroz Yunus was born in 1986 .
St. Charles is a city in Hopkins County , Kentucky , United States .
Originally 9 subspecies of the Alpine Newt were recognized .
Hughes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
After scoring its lowest ever rating at 0.5 , it was announced May 3 that Impact !
This is seen throughout Salisbury Cathedral where there are groups of two lancet windows lining the nave and groups of three lining the clerestory .
These players included , Pat Cash , Henri Leconte , Peter Luczak , Alicia Molik and Anastasia Rodionova .
A location 's position along a circle of latitude is given by its longitude .
In 1848 it was named Libreville -LRB- French for `` Freetown '' -RRB- .
Students also operate a local cable channel known as Buckeye TV , which airs mostly in the campus housing .
j Ligier subsequently became Prost Grand Prix .
This version can be accessed at http://www.google.com/pacman as a permanent link to the page .
In general , there are two forms of -LRB- homogeneous -RRB- non-Euclidean geometry , hyperbolic geometry and elliptic geometry .
Gabriel Paletta -LRB- born 15 February 1986 -RRB- is an Argentine football player .
The new ground received a royal seal of approval : on 29 October 1938 , King George VI watched the home game versus Millwall , the first time a ruling monarch had watched a Second Division match .
However , 86.0 was a departure from Knoppix , and was derived directly from the Debian `` testing '' tree .
He last played for the NBA 's Minnesota Timberwolves .
After two weeks of speculation it was announced on June 10 that he would run as the lead candidate for The Left party -LRB- Die Linke -RRB- , a coalition of the Labor and Social Justice Party -LRB- WASG -RRB- , which is based in western Germany , and the Left Party .
However , the NHC first thought it did not become a tropical storm until later .
By the beginning of the 16th century , manor houses as well as small castles began to acquire the character and amenities of the residences of country gentlemen .
Zermatt is known throughout the world for its skiing , especially Triftji for its moguls .
Be willing to let others have the months , or years , they need to grow and learn how to cooperate in more civilized ways .
In 2000 , the Medal of Cultural Merit was attributed to Manuel Pereira da Silva for the City Council of Vila Nova de Gaia .
Scientific classification aims to group species together such that every group is descended from a single common ancestor and therefore it is frequently a goal to eliminate groups that are found to be polyphyletic .
It is the capital of BrÄ ila County .
Since blackcurrant berries are a rich source of vitamin C and blackcurrant plants are suitable for growing in the UK climate , blackcurrant cultivation was encouraged by the British government .
It cost Â # 26million and will house seven million items , stored in more than 140,000 bar-coded containers , which are retrieved by robots , from the 262 kilometres of temperature - and humidity-controlled storage space .
It has an area of 14,850 kmÂ and a population of 318,689 at the 1998 Census , which had subsequently risen to about 378,000 people by 2004 .
Three years later , a jeweler determined it was nearly solid gold , paying the family a paltry $ 3.50 . The first verified gold find in the United States set off the nation 's first gold rush .
The most largest of these are the Stanislaus River , Tuolumne River , and Merced River .
The next match was a Cruiserweight Open for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship . Cruiserweight fighter stood outside the ring , while two fighters wrestled in the ring .
British colonists began to expand into the Ohio Country during the 1750s .
In 2000 , the population was 33,603 .
Sidiclei de Souza -LRB- born 13 May 1972 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
The terminus of the Cranbourne railway line is at Cranbourne railway station .
In Alaska , Friday , October 6 , 1867 was followed by Friday , October 18 1867 . The day was still called Friday because when the US bought Alaska from Russia , the International Date Line was changed when the Gregorian calendar was adopted .
The capital and largest city is Providence .
On August 24 , 1821 , representatives of the Spanish crown and Iturbide signed the Treaty of CÃ rdoba . This recognized Mexican independence under the terms of the Plan of Iguala .
Pippa Passes is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The meddle age was 31 years .
Kotaro Nakao -LRB- born 8 June 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It also owns several films made by others , including some pre-1952 United Artists material , an Alfred Hitchcock feature originally released by Warner Bros. - Rope , and the UK rights to most of the RKO Pictures library .
Some hippos also live in Tanzania and Mozambique .
Together with other rebel groups such as the Sudan Liberation Army , they are fighting against the government-supported Janjaweed militia .
Richland is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
It is located in Abbottabad District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
As the Roman Empire expanded northwards , Rome began to take interest in Britain .
Santa Fe has about 369,000 inhabitants as per the .
Touched by the act , Slade lowers his gun and leaves with Copper , but not before the two friends share one last smile .
However , on election day things had changed .
As to when xocolatl was first served hot , sources conflict on when and by whom .
Big Joe Turner was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
Likewise , the Mandaeans believe that Abraham , Moses , and Muhammad were false prophets , but recognize other prophetic figures from the Abrahamic traditions , such as Adam , his sons Hibil -LRB- Abel -RRB- and Å itil -LRB- Seth -RRB- , and his grandson AnuÅ -LRB- Enosh -RRB- , as well as Nuh -LRB- Noah -RRB- , his son Sam -LRB- Shem -RRB- and his son Ram -LRB- Aram -RRB- .
The opera tells how Leonore , disguised as a prison guard called `` Fidelio '' , rescues her husband Florestan from death in a political prison .
Despite its opposition , industries from that country are constructing their infrastructure in CÃ cuta to export their products to the United States , registering their products as if they were Colombian , an strategy that would allow them to export without paying certain tariffs .
It was later finished by Franco Alfano .
Gambia national football team is the national football team of Gambia .
One explanation for flood basalts is that they are caused by the combination of continental rifting and its associated melting , in conjunction with a mantle plume also undergoing decompression melting , producing vast quantities of a basaltic magma .
In the military , the term `` tent city '' usually refers to temporary living quarters erected on deployed military bases , such as those found in Bosnia or Iraq .
Man and woman are created to be God 's rulers over the new creation .
Buchs is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Thiembronne is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country was the sixth film set in the Star Trek universe . It was the last film to be about the crew from Star Trek : The Original Series .
A vision can be political , religious , environmental , social , or technological in nature .
This extension will commence passenger service by 2014 , a year earlier than originally scheduled .
McDiarmid has appeared in 47 films since 1976 .
It was formerly classified as a Vulnerable species by the IUCN .
In 2000 , Bourdais joined the Prost Junior Team in the International F3000 Championship .
Values accrued while Gabrielle , Jerry and Olga were subtropical are not included in their totals .
1513 was a year of the Gregorian calendar , that started on a Wednesday .
The Secretary of State for Transport is the member of the cabinet responsible for the British Department for Transport .
These are the First Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls -LRB- who is also the Deputy Governor -RRB- , the Second Deemster , and an additional full-time Deemster .
As Austen scholar Deidre Lynch explains , `` he meant to equip himself with a badge of honor he could jubilantly pin to his own lapel '' .
After completing law school and clerking for a federal judge , West entered the United States Army and served in the Judge Advocate General 's Corps .
Ippei Saga -LRB- born 20 May 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The city is cultural , educational and industrial center of Cherkasy Oblast and Central Economical Region of Ukraine .
Replacement tubules grow back in one-and-a-half to five weeks , depending on the species .
Harcigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
They are believed to hibernate during cold weather .
In December 2010 , some 10,000 people -LRB- mainly fishermen , farmers and their families -RRB- turned out to oppose the Jaitapur Nuclear Power Project in western Maharashtra state in India , amid a heavy police presence .
Like other forms of pollution -LRB- such as air , water , and noise pollution -RRB- light pollution causes damage to the environment .
GÃ 1\/4 len teaches a moderate version of Sunni \/ Hanafi Islam , deriving from that of Said Nursi 's teachings and modernizing them .
By July 1779 , Arnold was providing the British with troop locations and strengths , as well as the locations of supply depots , all the while negotiating over compensation .
Coca leaves contain cocaine alkaloids , a basis for the drug cocaine , which is a powerful stimulant .
Belafonte is well known for singing the `` Banana Boat Song '' , with the words `` Day-O . ''
Chemosynthetic archaea form the base of the food chain , supporting diverse organisms , including giant tube worms , clams , limpets and shrimp .
Bilcock has been nominated four times for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing .
A version of Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended was used for a Prerelease Beta -LRB- known as `` White Rabbit '' -RRB- . A large group of selected Photoshop users were invited to beta test in mid-February 2010 .
Stevenage is a town in Hertfordshire in England .
He fell in love with a French woman , Annette Vallon , who in 1792 gave birth to their child , Caroline .
Although it has ninety-two rooms , many of these are used for storage of presidential files , for household staff and official staff , including military aides-de-camp , a Secretary to the President -LRB- somewhat equivalent to Chief of Staff in the White House , except it is a permanent civil service position -RRB- and a press office .
Courbes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Moisture from its remains then caused substantial rainfall in British Columbia .
Orsino decides to use `` Cesario '' as an intermediary to tell Olivia about his love for her . Olivia , believing Viola to be a man , falls in love with this handsome and eloquent messenger .
Sayyid Mir Muhammed Jafar Ali Khan , formal title Shuja ul-Mulk , Hashim ud-Daula , Nawab Ja ` afar ` Ali Khan Bahadur , Mahabat Jang commonly known as Mir Jafar , second son of Sayyid Ahmad Najafi , -LRB- 1691 â `` February 5 , 1765 -RRB- was Nawab of Bengal , Bihar and Orissa .
They begin to fight and it appears that Eryx is going to beat Hercules , but then Hercules finally ends the fight by killing Eryx .
Lulu is working as a prostitute .
Noah exiles Mumble from the colony . Mumble vows that he will find the real cause of the famine .
Aristotle encouraged Alexander toward eastern conquest , and his attitude towards Persia was ethnocentric .
In 1757 he was made the British Resident -LRB- administrative in charge -RRB- of Murshidabad .
The Kiamichi Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma .
`` Viva la Vida '' is a song by the English band Coldplay from their album , Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends .
Berea is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
He plays as a flanker or lock .
It is likely that dirge also came from the old expression Dirige , Domine , Deus meus , in conspectu tuo viam meam -LRB- `` Direct my way in your sight , O Lord my God '' -RRB- .
The Nizam was also called Ala Hadrat , Ala Hazrat , or Nizam Sarkar .
The discovery of rich manganese deposits in Serra do Navio in 1945 revolutionized the local economy , but AmapÃ did not achieve statehood until October 5 , 1988 , with the promulgation of the new Brazilian Constitution . The State of AmapÃ has also the lowest rate of loss of its original vegetation of any Brazilian state : only 2 % .
A lot of Hungarians live in Transylvania . They also make up a big part of the counties of Harghita and Covasna .
Charles Darwin wrote Insectivorous Plants , the first well-known treatise on carnivorous plants , in 1875 .
Each week at least one castaway is banished for the time period between the reward challenge and the immunity challenge on Exile Island .
The only libraries with substantial holdings are all in England .
Gerard Kitchen O'Neill -LRB- February 6 , 1927 â `` April 27 , 1992 -RRB- was an American physicist and space activist .
Many companies made cuddly toys modeled from Knut .
Kaisten is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Kindle 2 features a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and 2 GB of internal memory of which 1.4 GB is user-accessible .
The idea of medal tests first came from another dance teaching organization , but it was the ISTD , which first developed the widespread use of the medal test system throughout the UK and internationally . The present day ISTD is a government recognized dance teaching organization and examination board , which trains and certifies teachers to deliver its syllabus to students in both private and mainstream dance education .
Nick Griffin was educated in Suffolk , and joined the National Front when he was 14 .
The first known Dromaeosaurus remains were discovered by paleontologist Barnum Brown during a 1914 expedition to Red Deer River on behalf of the American Museum of Natural History .
A corresponding rank in some navies is frigate captain .
Bruges , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
In 1820 , Jean-Victor Poncelet developed an inward-flow turbine .
However , drummer Dominic Howard 's father , William Howard , who was at the festival to watch the band , died from a heart attack very shortly after the performance .
A Lyrebird is one of two species of ground-dwelling Australian birds , most notable for their superb ability to mimic natural and artificial sounds from their environment .
Some salamanders that are terrestrial have lungs that are used in respiration , although these are simple and sac-like , unlike the more complex organs found in mammals .
On December 31 , 2007 , Noggin 's sister channel , Nickelodeon GAS , left the satellite and digital cable channel lineups , and moved to the online-only TurboNick , with The N taking over Nick GAS 's channel position after splitting from Noggin .
Another more recent proposition known as playfair 's axiom is similar to Euclid 's fifth postulate .
d. No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent .
A bar chart or bar graph is a chart with rectangular bars with lengths proportional to the values that they represent .
The Lepidosauria -LRB- from Greek meaning scaled lizards -RRB- are reptiles with overlapping scales .
Sometimes called the sword lily , the most widely-used English common name for these plants is simply gladiolus -LRB- plural gladioli , gladioluses or sometimes gladiolas -RRB- .
The Parana pines are in private and public areas , now protected by environmental legislation which prevents them from being logged .
This asteroid was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker spacecraft during June 1997 , on its way to asteroid 433 Eros .
It is also called complex systems theory , complexity science , study of complex systems , sciences of complexity , non-equilibrium physics , and historical physics .
Chell breaks a Morality Core that fell out of GLaDOS .
When they return to camp the Fleece is put on the tree .
Eventually , she would join with her old friends Herbert Lehman and Thomas Finletter to form the New York Committee for Democratic Voters , a group dedicated to enhancing the democratic process by opposing DeSapio 's reincarnated Tammany . Their efforts were eventually successful , and DeSapio was removed from power in 1961 .
Other sources use minimums as low as 28 k and maximums as high as 90 k. Through 1986 , the National Hurricane Center used the term gale to refer to winds of tropical storm force for coastal areas , between 33 k and 63 k. The 90 k definition is very non-standard .
As a semi-independent state , the Principality existed from 1571 to 1711 .
Two years later he co-founded Ink Development -LRB- later renamed eShop -RRB- .
As of 2003 , 27,000 people lived in BiÅ goraj .
Brother Jiri Kopidlansky revenged himself by continuing atrocities .
It is similar to potassium bromate and potassium chlorate .
A member of the Flavian dynasty , Titus succeeded his father Vespasian upon his death .
Hansard first came to international attention as guitar player Outspan Foster in the 1991 Alan Parker film The Commitments , after attending the New York Film Academy School of Acting .
Peter Fox -LRB- born September 3 , 1971 in Berlin ; origin Pierre Baigorry ; alias Enuff and Pete Fox -RRB- is a German Reggae - and Hip-Hop-musician .
Ewan Gordon McGregor -LRB- born March 31 1971 -RRB- is a Scottish actor who has had a lot of success in both mainstream and indie films .
In particular our sense of hearing perceives equal ratios of frequencies as equal differences in pitch .
In the Reward Challenge , Bobby Jon struggled to swallow as he put all his servings in his mouth , but Tom strategically ate one egg at a time , thus granting Koror another victory .
Suspected conflict of interest incidents may be reported on the conflict of interest noticeboard , and users may be warned with the user warning template .
Mostly known as a university town , Tartu is also a site of heavy industry .
Warne sits on Old Hwy 64 , which connects between Hayesville , North Carolina , and the Murphy Hospital in Peachtree , North Carolina .
National Fuel Gas was incorporated in 1902 and is based in Williamsville , New York .
Fossil water aquifers can also be artesian if they are under sufficient pressure from the surrounding rocks .
Shasta , is a young boy living in the country of Calormen .
Blairville is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Typical industrial bunkers include mining sites , food storage areas , dumps for materials , data storage , and sometimes living quarters .
On August 27 , 2008 , the second public beta -LRB- Beta 2 -RRB- was released .
For his work on the Dawes Plan for World War I reparations he was a co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize .
Brunei national football team is the national football team of Brunei .
The London Symphony orchestra .
However , when sitenotices are active , the icons are likely differently aligned and may cross the header line .
She was a Senior Editor at Simon & Schuster until 1990 .
Some forty hours of labor are needed to pick 150,000 flowers .
Ferguson is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
He returned to work on 14 August 2000 .
James Ambrose Johnson , Jr. -LRB- February 1 , 1948-August 6 , 2004 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Rick James , was an American singer , songwriter , musician and record producer .
It was rumored that he was actually the son , not of Marcus , but of a gladiator whom his mother Faustina had taken as a lover at the coastal resort of Caieta .
Each gland makes a ball shape on the wall of each vas deferens .
As Augustus , he would retain the trappings of a restored Republican leader ; however , historians generally view this consolidation of power and the adoption of these honorifics as the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire .
Vulcan was among the gods placated after the Great Fire of Rome in AD 64 .
In addition to its tool for searching webpages , Google also provides services for searching images , Usenet newsgroups , news websites , videos , searching by locality , maps , and items for sale online .
Static discharge is excess charge that is neutralized by a flow of charges from or to the surroundings .
The 1989 Formula One season was the 40th of the championship .
To make a shadow , there must be a light source , and an object to shine the light at . As light travels in straight lines , it can not reach the shadow area without bending around the object .
Francisco PavÃ n -LRB- born 9 January 1980 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Good Morning Scotland -LRB- weekdays , 0600 â `` 0845 -RRB- is Scotland 's longest-running radio program and one of the most popular in the country , providing regular news , sport , business , travel and weather bulletins along with interviews and in-depth reports in a manner similar to BBC Radio 4 's Today program , but from a Scottish perspective .
James was tutored at the family home ` Broomhill ' , Pendlebury , near Salford , until 1834 when he was sent , with his elder brother Benjamin , to study with John Dalton at the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society .
Saint-Georges , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It was Billie 's first single on June 29 1998 and reached the top ten in Ireland and Sweden .
Coleridge-Taylor 's greatest success was undoubtedly his cantata Hiawatha 's Wedding-feast , which was widely performed by choral groups in England during Coleridge-Taylor 's lifetime and in the decades after his death .
Tehsils may contain villages or municipalities .
In a March 2005 commentary in The Guardian he accused Israel 's prime minister Ariel Sharon of being a `` war criminal '' , citing his alleged personal responsibility for the Sabra and Shatila massacre in 1982 and accusations of ethnic cleansing .
As with drip-brewed coffee , French pressed coffee can be brewed to any strength by adjusting the amount of ground coffee which is brewed .
Paul Christison Edwards -LRB- born -RRB- is an English organist and composer of music for the Anglican Church .
Also in 2007 , Timberlake made an appearance on 50 Cent 's third album , Curtis .
Edward `` Eddie '' Regan Murphy -LRB- born April 3 , 1961 , Brooklyn , New York City -RRB- is an American actor and comedian who has won the Golden Globe Award in 2006 and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2001 .
He also claimed to be the only cast member to know the ending of the series , though Lindelof has clarified that Fox only knew things that were relevant to his character .
When the cold war began , the joint administration of Germany and Berlin broke down .
Soon she moved to Vienna and joined the ensemble of the Vienna State Opera House .
Publishers Weekly also praised the book , regarding it as `` swift and humorous '' and added that the book would `` leave many readers eager for the next installment . ''
This shows how the Ford Fiesta has changed each generation .
Satoshi Horinouchi is a Japanese football player .
Based on these columns , Bernini created four huge columns of bronze , twisted and decorated with olive leaves and bees , which were the emblem of Pope Urban .
The South Island is sometimes called the `` mainland '' . While it has a 33 % larger landmass than the North Island , only % of New Zealand 's million inhabitants live in the South Island .
A primary source may only be used on Wikipedia to make straightforward , descriptive statements that any educated person , with access to the source but without specialist knowledge , will be able to verify are supported by the source .
Salonen later took the orchestra on many other tours of the United States , Europe , and Asia , and conducted regularly at the Lucerne Festival in Switzerland , the BBC Proms in London , in Cologne for a festival of Salonen 's own works , and , in 1996 , in Paris for a Stravinsky festival conducted by Salonen and Pierre Boulez . Today the orchestra play in the Walt Disney Concert Hall .
Though he played the bulk of his career in an era when goaltenders could not leave their feet to make a save -LRB- the rule was changed in 1918 -RRB- , VÃ zina is regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders in hockey history ; the Montreal Standard referred to him as the `` greatest goaltender of the last two decades '' in their obituary .
Its capital is Windhoek .
The timing of this write is controlled by what is known as the write policy .
The provinces and countries it is bordered by are the Silesian Voivodeship to the west , Å wiÄ tokrzyskie Voivodeship to the north , Subcarpathian Voivodeship to the east , and the country of Slovakia to the south .
At 8,611 m -LRB- 28,251 ft -RRB- , K2 is the highest mountain in the region , and three others within 20 km top 8,000 m.
In this part , the sound is only 4 km wide , hence the strategic importance of maintaining a sea fortress at this location commanding one of the few outlets of the Baltic Sea .
When Victor Amadeus came to the throne in 1773 he started working on bureaucratic and military aspects of the reign .
There were 7,362 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile -LRB- 4\/km Â -RRB- .
This tag can be -LRB- and is -RRB- also used in admin processes to note that an action item reported to a notice board has been dealt with , and can further be of help on user talk pages to sort messages for archival from those to be retained for continued discussion or followup action .
Their older sisters Olga and Tatiana were known as `` The Big Pair '' , because they shared a room as well .
Madeira Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Please do not attack other editors .
The latter case consists typically of -LRB- massive -RRB- multiplayer games , whereas the client-side games are typically single-player games . A game played in a browser is often called a browser-based game .
A visual binary star is one for which the separation of the two stars can be seen with a telescope .
I\/O devices are used by a person -LRB- or other system -RRB- to communicate with the digital processing system .
, Ê ilm -RRB- is given great significance .
Students learn to play a musical instrument , but also study music theory , musicology , history of music and musical composition .
Because the climate in the basaltic areas is too cold for really reliable cropping -LRB- Nimmitabel has had frosts in January -RRB- , the main industry is raising sheep and beef cattle .
In Super Princess Peach -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the tables are turned and Bowser kidnaps Mario instead . Peach must then rescue Mario .
Soon after Luria received the award Benito Mussolini 's fascist regime banned Jews from academic research fellowships .
Tomonori Tateishi -LRB- born April 22 , 1974 in Chiba , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
A by-election -LRB- occasionally also spelled `` bye-election '' , and known in the United States and the Philippines as a special election -RRB- is an election held to fill a political office that has become vacant between regularly scheduled elections .
In 1897 the Victoria Pleasure Gardens were opened by local household name Edwin Street , a well-known farmer and butcher .
Organs from brain deaths , however , have a better success rate , and currently most organ donation is from these deaths .
Gimnasia became the first Argentine club from outside Greater Buenos Aires to compete in Europe , and the first ever to play in Portugal , Czechoslovakia , Austria and Italy .
During this time , the Canadians saw little fighting , with fewer than 100 troops proceeding `` up country '' to Omsk , to serve as administrative staff for 1,500 British troops aiding the White Russian government of Admiral Alexander Kolchak .
On July 5 , 2008 , Couch finally realized his goal of interstate travel when he landed his lawnchair safely in western Idaho .
Others to comment negatively included ZDNet writer Mitch Ratcliffe . Ratcliffe asked `` why lying about one 's background qualifies a person to work for a company like Wikia , which proposes to help communities to record accurate information '' and asked for additional details `` such as when he fired Jordan and the reasons for the firing , as well as when he endorsed Jordan in public statements . ''
Griggsville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Weill 's working association with Brecht , although successful , came to an end over politics in 1930 .
Other seaweed pills exploit the same effect as gastric banding , expanding in the stomach to make the body feel more full .
There was significant distance between the two armies , according to Caesar .
The artifacts included very old arrowheads , and are now being shown at a local museum .
Cienfuegos is a city on the southern coast of Cuba , capital of the province of Cienfuegos .
Members of PEN should at all times use what influence they have in favor of good understanding and mutual respect among nations ; they pledge themselves to do their utmost to dispel race , class , and national hatreds and to champion the ideal of one humanity living in peace in the world .
There are also more than three hundred local chapters of the True Buddha School , including thirty major temples , such as the Ling Shen Ching Tze Temple in Redmond , Washington , where he lives now .
Aruban law allows for arrest on serious suspicion from investigators ; to continue holding the suspect in custody , an increasing evidentiary burden must be met at periodic reviews .
Grey resigned in 1834 and Melbourne became Prime Minister .
As stated above , several large veal producers are working on getting rid of veal crates , as well as the American Veal Association .
Tammy was only the second Atlantic storm to be named with the letter ` T ' , after Tanya in 1995 , with a third `` T '' named storm , Hurricane Tomas , forming 5 years later in the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season This was also the first time Tammy had been used to name any tropical cyclone worldwide .
Its capital is the city of Pordenone .
Greenwich Mean Time was at one time based on the time observations made at the Royal Greenwich Observatory , before being superseded by Coordinated Universal Time .
Lady Jane Grey -LRB- 1536\/1537 â `` 12 February 1554 -RRB- , also known as The Nine Days ' Queen , was an English noblewoman who occupied the English throne from 10 July until 19 July 1553 and was executed for high treason .
Thus , soon after his death , his estate , which had been worth nothing on his deathbed , grew to an estimated value of two million dollars .
Each year the people of the town act in a religious play called The Promise in this amphitheatre . They have done the play since 1995 .
She is said to have discovered the resting place of the three crosses used at the crucifixion of Jesus and the two thieves - Dismas and Gestas - who were executed with him . Through a miracle it was revealed which of the three was the True Cross .
Yasunari Hiraoka -LRB- born 13 March 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The desk pad is a pad made out of felt .
The mayor and city council members have equal voting power to govern the city .
A band of Greeks come out of the horse at night , opening the gates to the city , allowing the main army to enter .
Toe socks are socks that wrap each toe separate from the others . Socks can be worn on the feet .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' starts in medias res , in the middle of an event .
Those people should learn to request control by , even if only for 1 hour .
The small blue flowers are borne on the upper part of the branches during summer .
Mountain View is a city in Santa Clara County , in the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
Emperor Seinei was the 22nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
The request was refused .
For example , an automobile 's failure rate in its fifth year of service may be many times greater than its failure rate during its first year of service . One does not expect to replace an exhaust pipe , overhaul the brakes , or have major transmission problems in a new vehicle .
The phylum Bacteroidetes is composed of three large classes of bacteria that are widely distributed in the environment , including in soil , in sediments , sea water and in the guts and on the skin of animals .
Cabbage is often added to soups or stews . Cabbage soup is popular in Central and eastern Europe , and cabbage is an ingredient in some kinds of borscht .
Vitaly Aleksandrovich Petrov -LRB- born September 8 , 1984 in Vyborg -RRB- is a Russian Formula One driver for the Renault F1 team .
In 2004 a movie , Beyond the Sea , was made about Darin 's life and career . Actor Kevin Spacey , a longtime Darin fan , produced and starred in the movie , with Kate Bosworth as Sandra Dee .
From 1971 onwards , locomotives were progressively renumbered into the 85001-040 series .
As of 2005 , the population is 143,105 .
Today , printers are found throughout the world .
Magnus Hedman -LRB- born 19 March 1973 -RRB- is a former Swedish football player .
In December 1780 , under orders from Clinton , Arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into Virginia , where he captured Richmond by surprise and then went on a rampage through Virginia , destroying supply houses , foundries , and mills .
From his death bed , Howard returned to France via Switzerland and shared his vital data and secrets with the French government : the Germans were not opening a new front in the Alps and there was no need to move allied troops away from the Western Front .
Since then the Windows Update site has gone through many updates .
Josh Farro wrote a personal response on the departure on his Blogger account , entirely different from the band 's response , claiming that the band was `` a manufactured product of a major-label . ''
Her character was introduced in the third season premiere .
Tomoyasu Ando is a retired Japanese football player .
Everglades -LRB- also known as Everglades City -RRB- is a city in Collier County , Florida , United States .
The district is named after the Danube River -LRB- German Donau -RRB- and the Swabian Alb -LRB- SchwÃ bische Alb -RRB- mountains .
Often in large chain pet shops it will be sold in black slitted pots rooted in rockwool submerged , stating it is an aquatic plant .
Interstate 95 -LRB- usually called I-95 -RRB- is an important Interstate highway that runs north to south in the eastern part of the United States .
Collongues , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune .
Ermakov told his wife that Anastasia was killed by a bayonet , and Yurovsky wrote that as the bodies were carried out , one or more of the girls cried out and were hit on the back of the head with a club . However , the back of Maria 's skull does not show any signs of having been clubbed .
Additionally , none of her eight dance pop single releases under MCA Records 's Canada imprint are present .
Technetium is the chemical element with atomic number 43 and symbol Tc .
Although the Royal Navy is widely regarded as having been vital for the rise of the British Empire , and British dominance of the world , the British Army played an important role in the colonisation of India and other regions .
He grew up in Los Angeles , California , where his father worked in the police .
On the night of 9 and 10 August Pottinger and a party of police surrounded the house of Gardiner 's mistress , Kate Brown , but the bushranger escaped when Pottinger 's pistol misfired .
They play at East End Park and are nicknamed The Pars .
The turning point came on 1 March 2004 , when Yudhoyono 's secretary , Sudi Silalahi announced to the media that for the last six months , Yudhoyono had been excluded from policy decision-making in the field of politics and security . On 2 March 2004 , Megawati responded that she had never excluded Yudhoyono , while her husband , Taufiq Kiemas called Yudhoyono childish for complaining to the media instead of the president herself .
An interesting feature of the above solutions is that when two or more of the lengths are the same -LRB- e.g. -RRB- , there are multiple wavefunctions corresponding to the same total energy .
As a result , he is considered to be the world 's first Prime Minister , in the modern sense of the term .
From Texas the Orbitron was traded to a carnival owner in Ciudad JuÃ rez , Chihuahua , Mexico in or around 1991 .
A topological space in which the points are functions is called a function space .
Lapworth , recognizing that the fossil fauna in the disputed strata were different from those of either the Cambrian or the Silurian periods , realized that they should be placed in a period of their own .
Menzingen is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland .
Countries around Bosnia and Herzegovina are Croatia , Serbia and Montenegro .
So even an organization with $ billions of revenue can not seem to avoid utterly spastic , peculiar quirks in their webpages .
Los Navegantes -LRB- ; roughly translated as Los Navegantes Neighborhood -RRB- is a residential neighborhood in the south-east of Pichilemu , Chile . It is located near the Municipal Stadium and La Cruz Hill .
The source of these dead squid is a matter of debate ; some certainly comes from squid fisheries , but in nature it primarily comes from the die-off that occurs after squid spawning and the vomit of squid-eating whales -LRB- sperm whales , pilot whales and Southern Bottlenose Whales -RRB- .
Eric V 1401 â `` 1436 .
The cyclone caused three deaths in Florida , sank a fishing trawler off the coast of North Carolina , and caused $ 10 million in damage -LRB- 1982 USD -RRB- .
Senna led Nannini , Alesi , Prost , Boutsen and Piquet .
In 1984 Henning began a solo show on Broadway called Doug Henning and His World of Magic .
The Franciscan Assemblage is a geological term for an accreted terrane of heterogeneous rocks found on and near the San Francisco Peninsula . It was named by geologist Andrew Lawson who also named the San Andreas Fault which bounds the Franciscan Assemblage .
The following abbreviations are commonly used to specify a wire rope .
Southam calls it as a `` Janeite '' piece without the worship .
Corneliszoon patented the sawmill on December 15 , 1593 and the crank on December 6 , 1597 .
Neither his birth nor death date is certain , and archival evidence only exists in Middelburg for his membership in the Guild of St. Luke there from 1695 onwards , when he was fined for selling a painting without being a member of the guild .
Word of the siege 's disastrous outcome led the company to turn around ; Arnold served for 13 days .
However , powdered saffron is more prone to adulteration , with turmeric , paprika , and other powders used as diluting fillers .
Bouchamps-l Ã s-Craon is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The text on the tablets were not always curses , sometimes tablets wereused to help the dead .
The result was the song `` Alice '' , which was played over the end credits and included on the soundtrack , Almost Alice .
Ocheyedan is a city of Iowa in the United States .
In 2003 , India had only two permanent raceways , one in Chennai -LRB- Irungattukottai -RRB- , and Kari Memorial Speedway in Coimbatore .
Dr Donald Adamson -LRB- born on 30 March 1939 at Culcheth , Lancashire -RRB- is a British historian , philosophical writer and literary critic .
She had a contralto vocal range .
Later , in the Fire Nation capital , Aang is seen in monk robes , standing beside Zuko while he is appointed Fire Lord .
1 Esdras -LRB- Greek -RRB- , Greek Ezra , is an ancient Greek version of the Biblical book of Ezra in use among ancient Jewry , the early church , and many modern Christians with varying degrees of canonicity and a high historical usefulness .
Others , such as Allen C. Guelzo , suggested that Lincoln 's expression `` four score and seven '' was about the King James Version of the Bible 's . There , man 's life is described as `` threescore years and ten ; and if by reason of strength they be fourscore years '' .
The Iron Cross of the Second World War was divided into three main series of decorations with an intermediate category , the Knight 's Cross , instituted between the lowest , the Iron Cross , and the highest , the Grand Cross .
3rd c. BCE -RRB- and which may be related to the kamnaskires -LRB- Elamite kapnuskir `` treasurer '' -RRB- , title of the rulers of Elymais -LRB- modern Khuzestan -RRB- during the Hellenistic age .
In some Christmas stories , the contents of the Christmas stocking are the only toys the child receives at Christmas from Santa Claus . Other presents are wrapped up in wrapping paper and placed under the Christmas tree .
Moving northward , it struck South Carolina by October 9 .
This is a list of regions of the United States .
The Cauchy distribution is an infinitely divisible probability distribution .
The village was founded in 972 .
Today , he is generally considered one of the most important leaders of Germany and a staunch supporter of democracy in the fragile Weimar Republic .
The album was recorded completely on September 26 , 1997 at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City .
In January 1864 , McConnel formed the Aberdovey Slate Company , which leased the land including Bryn Eglwys from the landowner , Lewis Morris of Machynlleth .
Hiromasa Kanazawa -LRB- born 1 December 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Sagamihara .
Gorrevod is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Nippur never enjoyed political hegemony in its own right , but its control was crucial , as it was considered capable of conferring the overall `` kingship '' on monarchs from other city-states .
Limouzin , who was a good golfer , came to know the school and its headmaster at the Royal Eastbourne Golf Club .
To make it as effective as possible , the Home Office accepted his idea that the wireless network cover more than one county so the neighbouring county force of Bedfordshire was added .
Meanwhile , her stepfather , the Falangist Captain Vidal , hunts the Spanish Maquis , guerrillas who continued fighting the Franco regime in the region , as her pregnant mother grows ill. .
It originated as the title of current princes of Wales in the 12th and 13th centuries .
More recently -LRB- early 90s -RRB- , Ralph Greenberg has proposed an Iwasawa theory for motives .
Peoria is a city on the Illinois River in the U.S. state of Illinois . In the 2000 census , Peoria had more than 110,000 people living in it .
Between 1962 and 1969 , they wrote about 180 credited songs . Most of the songs were recorded by The Beatles .
He has appeared as a panelist on Yugoslav press on ABC 's `` Press International '' in Chicago and PBS 's `` International Dateline '' in New Orleans .
McGraw graduated in 1975 from Midwestern State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology .
Georges , the youngest of eight children , was born on , 1887 , in Chicoutimi , Quebec , to Jacques VÃ zina , a local baker and an immigrant from St. Nicolas de La Rochelle in France , and his wife Clara .
During the match , after Undertaker executed a Tombstone piledriver , Henry came out and attacked Undertaker , causing the match the end via disqualification .
The Catholic Church gives the name Purgatory to the final purification of all who die in God 's grace and friendship , but still imperfectly purified .
The rules of chess are made by the World Chess Federation , which is known by the initials FIDE , meaning FÃ dÃ ration Internationale des Ã checs . The rules are written and explained in the section Laws of Chess .
From October 17 until October 19 Jamaica was hit by a hurricane .
Up jumped the swagman and sprang into the billabong , `` You 'll never catch me alive '' , said he , And his ghost may be heard as you pass by that billabong , `` You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' .
The Federal Council is the seven-member executive council which constitutes the federal government of Switzerland and serves as the Swiss collective head of state . While the entire council is responsible for leading the federal administration of Switzerland , each Councillor heads one of the seven federal executive departments .
On May 15 , 2006 , also Pope Benedict XVI sent a letter to Father Peter Hans Kolvenbach , the Superior General of the Society of Jesus , on the 50th Anniversary of the encyclical Haurietis Aquas , about the Sacred Heart , by Pope Pius XII .
Orange County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida , and was formed in 1824 when it was originally called Mosquito County .
Each city is analyzed by an evaluation group .
Stephen Euin Cobb was born in Orangeburg , South Carolina ; spent his childhood in Forest Park , Illinois -LRB- a suburb of Chicago -RRB- ; and now lives in South Carolina .
Apple released the iPhone 3G in upwards of eighty countries and territories .
Generating electricity from the sun with no fuel costs or emissions , the Serpa plant is on a 60-hectare -LRB- 150-acre -RRB- hillside and is a model of clean power generation integrated with agriculture .
Unless the current design is condensed , those new options could require modifying hundreds of subtemplates .
FBB and FBD engines did exist as development engines but these were never released .
Conceptual art has came to mean all contemporary art which does not use the traditional skills of painting and sculpture .
Charles IV -LRB- 18\/19 June 1294 â `` 1 February 1328 -RRB- , was the King of France and Navarre -LRB- as Charles I -RRB- and Count of Champagne from 1322 to his death . Charles IV the last French king of the old Capetian line .
Lucca is a city in the Italian region of Tuscany . The city is located on the river Serchio in a very fertile plain near the Tyrrhenian Sea .
He is a former member of the group Lil ' Jon & the East Side Boyz which he formed in 1997 .
Some contemporary artists are also experimenting with impossible figures , for example , Jos de Mey , Shigeo Fukuda , Sandro del Prete , IstvÃ n Orosz -LRB- Utisz -RRB- , Guido Moretti , TamÃ s F. Farkas and Mathieu Hamaekers .
Ox is the usual word for working cattle .
The name also refers to the open source software he designed that uses it , and the peer-to-peer network that it forms .
Soft drinks that do not have caffeine in them are sometimes called decaffeinated .
The opposite condition , when body temperature decreases below normal levels , is known as hypothermia .
It has also been found in Bermuda , Hawaii , the Solomons , New Caledonia , New Zealand , Australia , New Guinea , Ceylon , India , the Azores , and the Canary Islands .
The word province in modern English came from the term used by the Romans .
GÃ 1\/4 nsberg is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The stars of the series are Drake Bell and Josh Peck .
Arachniodes is a genus of fern in family Dryopteridaceae .
On Pi Day 2004 , Daniel Tammet recited 22,514 decimal digits of Ï .
In 1970 , ten Boom co-wrote her autobiography , The Hiding Place , released in 1971 and which was made into a film of the same name two years later starring Jeannette Clift as Corrie .
Peak hours only -LRB- 1 bus at 7:12 to Ipswich and a one coming back drop off only from Framlingham -RRB- .
He started for OVW , by defeating Atlas DaBone , and in the following months began a rivalry with K.C. James Hager began teaming with a multitude of opponents to feud with James and his tag team partner Cassidy James .
He compared the effects of various different acidic substances , ranging from vinegar to cider , on groups of afflicted sailors , and found that the group who were given oranges and lemons had largely recovered from scurvy after 6 days .
Moscow was one of the primary military and political objectives for Axis forces in their invasion of the Soviet Union .
Looney Tunes is a animated cartoon TV series of Warner Bros. .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
This motive may also be applicable to Mondas Cybermen , given their forcible conversion of other lifeforms to Cybermen to maintain their numbers , despite the fact the Mondasians appear to have originally willingly converted themselves as a survival mechanism .
Oye-Plage is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In December 1993 , Georgia also joined the CIS .
Years later , MK was trying to get a job in his idol 's company , T&B .
Driftwood carried by Arctic rivers was the main , or sometimes only , source of wood for some Inuit and other Arctic populations living north of the tree line until they came into regular contact with European traders .
Gustavo Dudamel -LRB- born January 26 , 1981 -RRB- is a Venezuelan conductor and violinist .
Eudora is a city in Chicot County , Arkansas , United States of America .
It , along with the film , features more Elvis Presley singles than any of Elvis ' own feature films .
The original bridge , the first iron bridge over the Thames , was built by a private company and was run as a toll bridge before being taken into public ownership in 1879 .
Hymenoptera originated in the Triassic , the oldest fossils belonging to the family Xyelidae .
The webmaster for RobertChristgau.com advises that accessing pages by name `` can run into some confusion -LRB- not many -RRB- and is slower . ''
The arrows in the talons of the eagle represent courage in war .
Bantam Spectra published it again in hardcover in 2001 and in mass market paperback in 2003 .
The River Thames is a large river in England .
Suddenly , she sees a pale-faced man sitting on a tower of the house .
Hannah Montana is about Miley Stewart , a teenage school girl who , at night , lives as a pop star , Hannah Montana .
The wall was protected by sixteen forts with a number of small fortlets between them ; troop movement was facilitated by a road linking all the sites known as the Military Way .
Stokenham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Devon .
Paprika is a spice made from the grinding of dried fruits of Capsicum annuum -LRB- e.g. , bell peppers or chili peppers -RRB- .
Jan Kromkamp -LRB- born August 17 , 1980 in Makkinga , Netherlands -RRB- is a Dutch footballer .
Fructose , or fruit sugar , is a simple monosaccharide found in many foods .
The World Constructors ' Championship title is awarded to the constructor of the chassis of the make that scores the most points .
In 1983 , he joined the St. Catharines Saints , the Toronto AHL affiliate , after being drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the third round of the 1982 NHL Entry Draft , 45th overall .
The tracks `` Sheila '' and `` In Spite of Me '' were part of the soundtrack of the 1994 independent movie Spanking the Monkey .
The Corps of Engineers stated that if the Galveston Sea Wall was not there , that another $ 100 million dollars in damage could have occurred .
Foods that have a best before date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed , although they are likely to have deteriorated either in flavor , texture , appearance or nutrition .
On 3 February 1891 , Carter was appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of Lagos .
Two of those sincere approval votes do not distinguish between any of the candidates : vote for none of the candidates and vote for all of the candidates .
His successor was Herbert von Karajan , who led the orchestra from 1955 until his resignation in April 1989 , only months before his death .
It may also give mantis shrimp information about the size of the tide , which is important for species living in shallow water near the shore .
Clement Richard Attlee , 1st Earl Attlee , KG , OM , CH , PC , FRS -LRB- 3 January 1883 â `` 8 October 1967 -RRB- was a British Labor politician who served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1945 to 1951 , and as the Leader of the Labor Party from 1935 to 1955 .
Darin was married to actress Sandra Dee from 1960 to 1967 .
This template makes that more convenient .
Thus , the rupee is called à à à 3\/4 -LRB- tÃ ka -RRB- in Assamese , à à 3\/4 à à 3\/4 -LRB- Taka -RRB- in Bengali and à à à à à 3\/4 -LRB- Tanka -RRB- in Oriya .
Maximum number of parameters -LRB- excluding key -RRB- : 6 .
The Third DÃ il was two things .
Falafel is made from fava beans or chickpeas or a combination of the two .
The Honda Today was a line of kei cars that were built by the Honda company . The Today was made from 1985 to 1998 .
Ivan caused an estimated US$ 18 billion -LRB- 2004 USD , $ USD -RRB- in damages to the United States , making it the sixth costliest hurricane ever to strike the country .
DECT operates in the 1880-1900 MHz band and defines ten channels from 1881.792 MHz to 1897.344 MHz with a band gap of 1728 kHz .
She won two matches against Sonja Graf for the Womenâ s World Champion title ; -LRB- +3 â `` 1 = 0 -RRB- at Rotterdam 1934 , and -LRB- +9 â `` 2 = 5 -RRB- at Semmering 1937 .
It is a feature of European castles , manor houses and mansions .
The creators of Winx Club revealed that a fifth and sixth season will be coming in 2012 .
Shane McMahon , on the July 26 edition of SmackDown !
This was not the first or last time Owen would deliberately claim a discovery as his own , when in fact it was not .
According to Lennon , the inspiration for the first two verses was the death of Tara Browne , the 21-year-old heir to the Guinness fortune and close friend of Lennon and McCartney , who had crashed his Lotus Elan on 18 December 1966 in Redcliffe Gardens , Earls Court .
-LRB- Canto XXXIV -RRB- In Shakespeare 's play Julius Caesar he is depicted as a ruthless manipulator .
Originally , it was an Arabic language abstract noun meaning `` strength '' , `` authority '' , or `` rulership '' , derived from the masdar Ø Ù Ø Ø sulá ah , meaning `` authority '' or `` power '' .
She is buried next to her close friend Jean-Paul Sartre at the CimetiÃ re du Montparnasse in Paris .
Another son was Benjamin Franklin Bache -LRB- 1769-1798 -RRB- .
Stein reports that having asked NiemÃ ller why he ever supported the Nazi Party , NiemÃ ller replied :
Its name is a contrived acronym standing for Respect , Equality , Socialism , Peace , Environmentalism , Community and Trade Unionism .
The final took place on February 9 , 1930 at the old stadium of River Plate -LRB- at the intersection of Alvear and Tagle in Recoleta -RRB- .
Biblical studies is the academic study of the Judeo-Christian Bible and related texts .
Ribulose-1 ,5 - bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase , most commonly known by the shorter name RuBisCO , is an enzyme involved in the Calvin cycle that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation , a process by which the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose .
Beauregard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Hidalgo worked closely with Ignacio de Allende , a nobleman with military training .
Diseases that are spread through saliva can be spread through kissing . This includes diseases like Herpes and mononucleosis .
Caulfield is one of Melbourne 's suburbs most serviced by public transport .
Further , he claimed that the injustice was done to different `` cursed breeds '' what spoiled those breeds even more and made them `` to be vengeful against their oppressors '' .
With Cactus and Charlie both in the dumpster , the Outlaws shut the lid down on them but Cactus managed to get back up while the Outlaws were celebrating and pushed Road Dogg down to the ground with a mandible claw , pulling him into the dumpster .
She was the world 's highest paid and most photographed model of the time .
Thury-Harcourt is a French commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In early 1945 , while Robinson was at Sam Huston College , the Kansas City Monarchs sent him a written offer to play professional baseball in the Negro leagues .
It began simply as the halfway point on the rail line between Prosser and Sunnyside .
Some elateriform larvae of click beetles are known as wireworms .
Daddy G , -LRB- born Grantley Evan Marshall , , Bristol , UK -RRB- , is an English musician and a founding member of the band , Massive Attack .
He also outlined his objections in a letter to Wired , and released a detailed rebuttal of the article .
Like all huntsman spiders , the legs of the giant huntsman spider are long compared to the body , and twist forward in a crab-like way .
The organization and its founder , Muhammad Yunus , were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 ; the organization 's Low-cost Housing Program won a World Habitat Award in 1998 .
Pierrefitte-en-Auge is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
In June 2003 , Bailey , Ian Rotten , and Corporal Robinson `` invaded '' Combat Zone Wrestling -LRB- CZW -RRB- on behalf of Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South -LRB- IWA Mid-South -RRB- .
Loge is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,142.0 Mm in 1314.364 days , at an inclination of 166.5 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 165.3 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1390 .
It may come from the three Gaelic elements mo , ` my ' , ErnÃ n -LRB- name of the saint -RRB- and the diminutive ag , giving Church of My Little ErnÃ n. It is believed by some that the saint founded a church there in the 7th century .
However , the time of Jesus ' adulthood the week before his death are written much about in the Gospels .
In the '80s and '90s the region attracted an intense influx of immigrants , in particular from China and Northern Africa .
To use this template , simply copy the text below and replace the text between the with the desired result .
Not all operations are associative . Subtraction is not associative , which means :
An electric resistance heater has a thermal efficiency of at or very near 100 % , so , for example , 1500W of heat are produced for 1500W of electrical input .
It is still uncertain whether there are infinitely many Mersenne primes and perfect numbers .
Makoto Segawa -LRB- born 26 November 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The font size should reduce to 90 % for most browsers , but may appear to show at 100 % for Internet Explorer and possibly other browsers .
The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation , the governing body for football in Uzbekistan .
The attack was put off for a short time because of the tides in the Harlem River that stopped some of the troops from landing .
Fontaine-Uterte is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Some media reports and political critics have suggested that Ayers , Dohrn or the Weathermen were connected to the fatal 1970 San Francisco Police Department Park Station bombing but neither Ayers nor anyone else has been charged or convicted of this crime .
On 18 October 2009 , at the Brazilian Grand Prix , Button won the 2009 Drivers ' Title on his first season for Brawn GP .
The position of Pelorosaurus is further undermined by the fact that several researchers hold that the genus is a nomen dubium .
They both appreciated her intelligence and , in July 1779 , she became the governess of the couple 's twin daughters born in 1777 .
The provinces of Cienfuegos , Sancti SpÃ ritus , and Villa Clara were once all part of the now defunct province of Santa Clara .
He helped the building of churches by giving out literature and offering ministers .
The oldest known European Yew is the Llangernyw Yew in the Churchyard of Llangernyw village in North Wales which is estimated to be between 4,000 and 5,000 years old .
This article refers to the opera Don Carlos -LRB- Don Carlo when performed in Italian translation -RRB- by Giuseppe Verdi .
Therefore , `` Dowagiac '' produces Dowagiac , all linked and ready to go .
`` UstaÅ e People 's Service '' -RRB- , a special police force of the NDH -RRB- .
The Egyptian name was recorded as á '' s.t or È s.t and meant ' -LRB- She of the -RRB- Throne ' .
Shortly afterwards , the machine originally described by von Neumann 's paperâ '' EDVACâ '' was completed but was not ready for two years .
Some of its features include a definition link for most searches including dictionary words , the number of results you got on your search , links to other searches -LRB- e.g. for words that Google believes to be misspelled , it provides a link to the search results using its proposed spelling -RRB- , and many more .
But , in the Panic of 1837 , the family suffered great losses .
The weekly chart published by Ultratop to track single performance in the Wallonia region of Belgium is known as the `` Ultratop 40 singles '' chart .
There was a glass factory in Benetice .
It was the first to use dual overhead camshafts -LRB- DOHC -RRB- and four valves per cylinder . This became the standard design for racing inline-four engines .
These men included Jules Sandeau -LRB- 1831 -RRB- , Prosper MÃ rimÃ e , Alfred de Musset -LRB- summer 1833 â `` March 1834 -RRB- , Louis-Chrystosome Michel , Charles Didier , Pierre-Fran Ã ois Bocage , FÃ licien Mallefille and FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin -LRB- 1837 â `` 47 -RRB- .
The Church wanted to end this lay investiture because of the potential corruption , not only from vacant sees but also from other practices such as simony .
It is now a sous-pr Ã fecture of Jura .
It was announced on October 14 in IAUC 3878 along with optical confirmation by Charles T. Kowal , who reported that it looks like an asteroid .
The Hundred Days , sometimes known as the Hundred Days of Napoleon or Napoleon 's Hundred Days for specificity , marked the period between Emperor Napoleon I of France 's return from exile on Elba to Paris on 20 March 1815 and the second restoration of King Louis XVIII on 8 July 1815 -LRB- a period of 111 days -RRB- .
Hauteville-Lompnes is a commune .
The next week on June 29 2007 , Friday Night SmackDown !
GSN also occasionally adds reruns of its 2006 revival to the regular schedule .
I , II , and III Meqabyan -LRB- Ge ` ez : á á á á `` á , sometimes spelled Makabian -RRB- are three books in the Ethiopian Orthodox Old Testament Biblical canon .
Radar signals passing near a massive object take slightly longer to travel to a target and longer to return than it would if the mass of the object were not present .
In October 2006 , Kramnik , the Classical World Champion , defeated reigning FIDE World Champion Veselin Topalov in a unification match , the World Chess Championship 2006 .
Fire also led to improved nutrition by cooked proteins .
The race was backed by Red Bull and known as the Red Bull Indianapolis GP .
In spite of protests , Korchnoi 's son was arrested for evading army service , sentenced to two and a half years in labor camp , and served the full sentence .
The `` Stars of the White Nights Festival '' runs from May through July at the Mariinsky Theatre and the newly built Mariinsky Concert Hall - one of the best-sounding halls in the world .
There were also minor Inns of Chancery , including Clement 's Inn , Clifford 's Inn and Lyon 's Inn -LRB- attached to the Inner Temple -RRB- ; Strand Inn and New Inn -LRB- attached to the Middle Temple -RRB- ; Furnival 's Inn and Thavie 's Inn -LRB- attached to Lincoln 's Inn -RRB- ; and Staple Inn and Barnard 's Inn -LRB- attached to Gray 's Inn -RRB- . There were and are only four Inns of Court , which have a special and historic status including , for example , the authority to call members to the Bar and therefore confer on them rights of audience in the High Court .
But , after a trial lasting three hours before Sir James Marriott in the Admiralty Court , the jury acquitted both men on all charges `` without troubling the Judge to sum up the evidence '' .
The departments of Asia include art from South Asia , China , Japan , Korea and the Islamic world .
One of his first acts as an emperor was to publicly order a halt to trials based on treason charges , which had long plagued the principate .
Hager was recruited to the University of Oklahoma as a two-sport athlete , playing as a defensive tackle in football and a heavyweight wrestler .
The term scenario is also used for an account or synopsis of a projected course of action , events or situations . Scenario development is used in policy planning , organisational development and generally , when organizations wish to test strategies against uncertain future developments .
Opponents in Republican Sinn FÃ in accused Sinn FÃ in of `` selling out '' by agreeing to participate in what it called `` partitionist assemblies '' in the Republic and Northern Ireland .
He is also the brother of defenceman Chris Pronger .
Cantonese Braille is also based on Latin braille for many of the initial consonants and simple vowels -LRB- based on Romanizations of a century ago -RRB- , but the blocks pull double duty , with different values depending on whether they are placed in syllable-initial or syllable-final position .
All of the names begin with the words `` Location map '' followed by the area covered .
It featured support for SSL , cookies , VRML , RSA , and Internet newsgroups .
Breny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Year 1685 -LRB- MDCLXXXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .
This is passed through the artistid parameter .
Vernon was named one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in North America by Consumer Reports in 2005 .
She is also credited with inventing the first silk loom .
He was also a cabinet minister in both Margaret Thatcher 's and John Major 's governments .
Tarzan is a fictional character .
Thomasville is a city in Clarke County , Alabama , United States .
There was four teams competing in this event .
Genre-wise they were often classified under Europop .
Historically , BiaÅ ystok has been a destination for internal and foreign immigration , especially from Central and Eastern Europe .
Walter and Luis Alvarez suggested in 1980 that a 10 k asteroid struck Earth 65 million years ago at the end of the Cretaceous period .
Roque JÃ nior -LRB- born 31 August 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
The 1998 Atlantic hurricane season was the second deadliest season on record .
Erlon is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Christopher Michael Fehn -LRB- born February 24 , 1972 -RRB- is an American musician and Percussionist for the band Slipknot . In Slipknot he is known as # 3 .
Elderly chondrosteans show beginnings of ossification of the skeleton which suggests that this process is delayed rather than lost in these fish .
The second paragraph is original research because it expresses a Wikipedia editor 's opinion that , given the Harvard manual 's definition of plagiarism , Jones did not commit it .
Likewise , in the Adagio of Bruckner 's Symphony No. 8 , phrases that are tonally in D minor are notated as C minor .
As a result , they refused to follow F. Marinos and instead created Yokohama FC , F. Marinos ' new crosstown rivals .
During the Cold War , Graham became the first evangelist of note to speak behind the Iron Curtain , addressing large crowds in countries throughout Eastern Europe and in the Soviet Union , calling for peace .
Le BÃ mont is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The Japanese Camellia -- often simply called `` the camellia '' -- is the most prominent species in cultivation , with over 2,000 named cultivars . Next are C. reticulata with over 400 named cultivars , and the Christmas Camellia with over 300 named cultivars .
MacGuffin 's key schedule is a modified version of the encryption algorithm itself .
Cher -LRB- Occitan : Char -RRB- is a department found in the center of France .
It was released in Japanese arcades on November 26 , 2007 .
The name comes from the type genus Asclepias -LRB- milkweeds -RRB- .
The permission to do so was embodied in a proclamation , whereby the conqueror endeavored to justify his claim to the Babylonian throne .
In 1702 , the British completed the construction of old Fort William , which was used to station its troops and as a regional base .
In 1870 he met Franz Liszt in Rome .
Genno did a certain spiritual ritual , and begged the spirit to consider her spiritual salvation , until finally Hoji surrendered and swore to never haunt the stone again .
On 7 December , 1849 , Prince Friedrich Wilhelm Konstantin sold the country to his relative , King Frederick William IV of Prussia .
A prominent and popular Jewish composer , Weill was officially denounced for his socialist views and populist sympathies , and became a target of the Nazi authorities , who criticized and even interfered with performances of his later stage works , such as Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny -LRB- Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny , 1930 -RRB- , Die BÃ 1\/4 rgschaft -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , and Der Silbersee -LRB- 1933 -RRB- .
Most hardware devices are detected and dealt with automatically , such as hard drives , network cards and USB devices .
He ruled over Abydos and was buried in its local cemetery at Umm el-Qa ` ab near Ka , Narmer and the First Dynasty kings .
The mountains have a large effect on the temperatures of nearby areas .
The two entities may be of opposite sexes , or they may be hermaphroditic , as is the case with snails .
A refrigerator works in much the same way , as it pumps the heat out of the interior and into the room in which it stands .
The color of a turtle 's shell may vary .
The record attendance for the stadium is 35,632 against Rangers in a 1952 Scottish Cup match .
Wikipedia places importance on both the neutrality of articles and the ability of editors to edit pseudonymously .
The Grameen Bank -LRB- literally , `` Bank of the Villages '' , in Bangla -RRB- is the outgrowth of Yunus ' ideas .
One particularly important function is to serve as the building blocks of proteins , which are linear chains of amino acids . Amino acids can be linked together in varying sequences to form a vast variety of proteins .
-LRB- pron . -RRB-
He trained at Army Recruit Training Centre , Kapooka , NSW . He won prizes as the best shot and best at physical training in his platoon .
Petrified wood -LRB- from the Greek root petro meaning `` rock '' or `` stone '' ; literally `` wood turned into stone '' -RRB- is the name given to a special type of fossilized remains of terrestrial vegetation .
Arns died on January 12 , 2010 as a result of the 2010 Haiti earthquake .
Flag of Oklahoma .
Katsumi Oenoki -LRB- born 3 April 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Villegouge is a commune . It is found in the Aquitaine region in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Kristanna Sommer Loken or Kristanna Sommer LÃ ken -LRB- born October 8,1979 -RRB- is an American actress known for her work in both film and television , and a former fashion model .
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s the slide rule was the symbol of the engineer 's profession -LRB- in the same way that the stethoscope symbolizes the medical profession -RRB- .
Moore 's match with Mosconi had an ending score of 150 to 58 in 19 innings .
Podgorica is the capital of Montenegro .
According to the rules proposed by the Associazione Vera Pizza Napoletana , the genuine Neapolitan pizza dough consists of wheat flour -LRB- type 0 or 00 , or a mixture of both -RRB- , natural Neapolitan yeast or brewer 's yeast , salt and water .
Dew Process is distributed by Universal Music Australia in Australia and New Zealand .
The population was 1,757 at the 2000 Census .
At the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century , the Royal Court Opera , Berlin , had many famous conductors .
French Sudan was created as a French territory on 9 September 1880 , as `` Upper Senegal '' , and was renamed the `` French Sudan Territory '' on 18 August 1890 , with its capital at Kayes .
Double acting piston bellows are a type of bellows , used by blacksmiths and smelters to increase the air flow going into the forge , with the property that air is blown out on both strokes of the handle -LRB- in contrast to more common bellows that blow air when the stroke is in one direction and refill the bellow in the other direction -RRB- . These bellows blew a stronger and more constant blast than typical bellows .
The other way nuclei can change is through nuclear fusion , when two nuclei join together , or fuse , to make a heavier nucleus .
Orbetello is a town and commune in the province of Grosseto -LRB- Tuscany -RRB- , Italy .
After that , it would have begun to rain at low altitude .
Cricket is very popular in Maharashtra .
William Van Ness practiced law in New York City , Albany , and Hudson from 1800 to 1812 .
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of The Beatles -LRB- a rarity in their songs -RRB- .
Zak Whitbread -LRB- born 4 March 1984 -RRB- is an American soccer player . He plays for Norwich City .
At that time , Delmonico 's was considered the finest restaurant in the United States .
Food processing often takes clean , harvested or slaughtered and butchered components and uses these to produce attractive and marketable food products .
It was popularized by the Something Awful message forums .
Love 's Philosophy is a poem written by Percy Bysshe Shelley in 1820 .
Puget-Rostang is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Chauvet Cave , however , is uncharacteristically large and the quality , quantity , and condition of the artwork found on its walls has been called spectacular .
In chemistry , chirality usually refers to molecules .
There is also a group called ` American sparrows ' , or New World sparrows . These are also in a different family , the Emberizidae -LRB- Buntings -RRB- .
Making a comparison to the Sun 's planets , he wrote `` And if the fixed stars are the centers of similar systems , they will all be constructed according to a similar design and subject to the dominion of One . ''
In the newsgroup sci .
His directorial work includes Home Alone -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Only the Lonely -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Mrs. Doubtfire -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Nine Months -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Stepmom -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Bicentennial Man -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Rent -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , I Love You Beth Cooper -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .
Despite Jerome 's reservations , the epistle is included as chapter 6 of the book of Baruch in the Old Testament of the Vulgate .
Its current leader and Australia 's Prime Minister is Julia Gillard .
The intimate shows at some spectacular venues will see Adams perform an acoustic set , on stage , with just his guitar and harmonica .
It is home of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the Chicago Sinfonietta . The Symphony Center includes Orchestra Hall , which dates from 1904 ; Buntrock Hall , a rehearsal and performance space ; a public multi-story rotunda ; Rhapsody restaurant ; and administrative offices .
Huni is mentioned amongst the names of high officials from the court of Djoser , and if this was indeed the same man as this pharaoh , it is possible that Huni came to the throne at a very venerable age .
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships and other objects .
The All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference is a major political party of Azad Kashmir .
In Star Fox : Assault , his voice was done by Jim Walker in the English release and by Kenji Nojima in the Japanese release .
After inspection , the event went ahead as planned .
Oleguer Presas i Renom -LRB- born 2 February 1980 -RRB- , simply Oleguer , is a Spanish footballer who plays for AFC Ajax in the Dutch first division .
In such a case , a hasty generalization occurs when the number of Xs and Ys is insufficient to represent the respective populations .
On 3 August 1961 , Epstein started a regular music column in the Mersey Beat magazine , called ` Record Releases by Brian Epstein of NEMS ' .
In the summer of the 2005\/06 season , the newly promoted Premiership team Sunderland wanted to sign Miller , but Wolves rejected their Â # 1m and Â # 1.2 m offers and Miller began the new season as a Wolves player .
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra -LRB- ; 29 September 1547 - 23 April 1616 -RRB- was a Spanish novelist , poet , and playwright .
After the nephew died without heirs in 1835 , President Andrew Jackson informed Congress of the bequest , which amounted to 104,960 gold sovereigns , or US$ 500,000 -LRB- $ 10,100,997 in 2008 U.S. dollars after inflation -RRB- .
Fucsovics played alongside MÃ tÃ Zsiga , but the team lost to Guilherme ClÃ zar and Tiago Fernandes in the second round .
Sam Chatmon -LRB- January 10 , 1897 - February 2 , 1983 -RRB- was a Delta blues guitarist and singer .
There are a lot of sorts of brushes for cleaning , for example toothbrushes or brushes for cleaning the floor .
Due to the success of `` OddParents '' , Hartman was asked to create another cartoon for Nickelodeon , -LRB- Hartman says the President of Nickelodeon asked him if he had an idea , and before he could say the title he was given a contract . -RRB-
The alignment of the header text and content text can be manipulated using the parameters and .
By law , only the Australian government was allowed to fly the blue Australian flag . Everyone else that wanted to use an Australian flag used the red one , called the Red Ensign .
Returning as Chief of the Air Staff under Winston Churchill in 1919 , Trenchard spent the following decade securing the future of the Royal Air Force .
Chloroform was used as an anesthetic during childbirth and surgery , from about 1847 .
When available , however , the prime should be used instead -LRB- e. g. , 5 â 6 â , and 40 Â 20 â 50 â -RRB- .
22 % make between $ 50,000 and $ 74,999 per year while the remaining 2.3 % make over $ 75,000 per year .
This is a category for trains ; it is not a category for Rolling stock .
In 2006 , India and the US agreed to enhance cooperation between law enforcement agencies of the two countries in tackling cyber crimes as part of counter-terrorism efforts .
This inverse nature of interpersonal popularity is often overlooked by people -LRB- particularly the young -RRB- who are attempting to become popular : being loud may be successful in gaining attention , but is unlikely to provide mutual respect .
Late on September 25 -LRB- UTC -RRB- , still a tropical storm , it entered the continental United States at the California-Arizona state line .
Fort Myers is governed by a six member city council .
The Narnians manage to escape thanks to Mr. Tumnus ' clever plan , which leads Rabadash to convince his father that they should take Narnia by invading Archenland .
Right ascension -LRB- abbrev .
Gurdon is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Wanda , the last woman , was not picked for she was deemed the weakest among the castaways and for being annoying with her singing .
People therefore called him a master of Zhuang ethnic studies .
Currently , Trieste is one of Europe 's most important ports and centres for trade and transport , with Trieste being part of the `` Corridor 5 '' plan , to create a bigger transport connection between Western and Eastern European countries .
Jane Austen , the writer of such works as Pride and Prejudice -LRB- 1813 -RRB- and Emma -LRB- 1815 -RRB- , has become one of the most famous novelists in the English language .
Younha was signed to Epic Records , a branch of Sony Music Entertainment Japan , from 2004 to 2008 , after which she moved to Sistus Records , a Geneon Entertainment label .
Some of Spurgeon 's sermon notes are at Samford University in Birmingham , Alabama .
QuikTrip -LRB- abbreviated QT -RRB- is a Tulsa-based chain of convenience stores primarily found in the Midwestern and Southern United States .
A tea ceremony can take from about twenty minutes to about four hours .
Tenet held the position as the DCI from July 1997 to July 2004 , making him the second-longest-serving director in the agency 's historyâ `` behind Allen Welsh Dullesâ `` as well as one of the few DCIs to serve under two U.S. presidents of opposing political parties .
He began his playing career with the Pittsburgh Penguins who drafted him in the 6th round of the 1979 NHL Entry Draft .
A series of books by several authors for young readers .
His grandfather , Thomas Richard Arthur Blair , was a clergyman .
After resigning from the Indian Medical Service , Ross worked at the newly established Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine and directed malaria-control efforts in Egypt , Panama , Greece and Mauritius .
After the rising process , the dough must be formed by hand without the help of a rolling pin or other machine , and may be no more than 3 mm -LRB- â
Seek to have a `` clean car '' , and focus on issues such as dents or tree limbs falling on a car .
Oostkamp is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
The Lagoon stretches between the Eraclea 's Lido and the mouth of the Piave river and it is a sea-lagoon , being supplied with water only by the flood-tides .
There was also a proposal for an extension from Victoria to Fulham Broadway station on the District line , but this was not included in the Bill .
Preston is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Ubuntu Studio is an officially recognized derivative of the Ubuntu Linux distribution , which is explicitly geared to general multimedia production .
The movie was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival .
One is in South Florida , with 14 fields , and the other is in the western panhandle , with seven fields .
This occupies 278.000 mÂ in area .
If you have questions about what information you should reveal or are allowed to reveal , discuss this with your parent or guardian .
King 's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge , England .
RC5 also consists of a number of modular additions and eXclusive OR -LRB- Xor -RRB- s. The general structure of the algorithm is a Feistel-like network .
The Shih Tzu -LRB- , from Mandarin -RRB- is a breed of dog weighing 4 - with long silky hair .
Occasionally tropical cyclones will influence Carnarvon and bring very heavy rain , high temperatures and strong winds but apart from this erratic source of rainfall summers are otherwise dry .
Vijayalaya revived the Chola dynasty and his son Aditya I helped establish their independence .
Alexander -LRB- 2006 Population 2,978 -RRB- is a rural municipality in Manitoba , Canada .
Dookie is the third studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
This center was called La Baronata , would also be a safe shelter for revolutionaries persecuted by their respective governments .
The population density was 2,571.8 \/ sq mi .
The Internet Explorer team consisted of roughly 100 people during the development of three months .
The earliest known representative , Sinodelphys , is from the Lower Cretaceous of China .
The cathedral sustained a direct hit by a large high-explosive bomb on the chapel of St James , completely demolishing it .
1804 Steinfurt was joined back with Bentheim , before it became a part of the Prussian province of Westphalia in 1815 .
They were known as the Hilo .
Zanzibar exports spices , seaweed and fine raffia .
The Fiat DoblÃ is a panel van and leisure activity vehicle produced by Italian automaker Fiat since 2000 , it was unveiled at the Paris Motor Show in 2000 .
Its responsibilities include the nation 's nuclear weapons program , nuclear reactor production for the United States Navy , energy conservation , energy-related research , radioactive waste disposal , and domestic energy production .
Earth Day is a day that is intended to inspire awareness and appreciation for the Earth 's natural environment .
Popular misconceptions of dinosaur neurology include the concept of a second brain regarding in the pelves of stegosaurs and sauropods .
He married Nancy Carlson in 1971 and has two children , Andrew and Eric .
Dictionaries are most commonly found in the form of a book , but some newer dictionaries , like StarDict and the New Oxford American Dictionary are dictionary software running on PDAs or computers . There are also many online dictionaries accessible via the Internet .
Grover has been missing for two months ; Percy and Nico decide to go to the underworld -LRB- to visit the river styx -RRB- but need him so they look for him on their way .
The system is for officer safety and first started during the violence of the 1970s and 1980s New York City .
Sequehart is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Mellor dated former Coronation Street actress Angela Griffin .
It was named in April 2007 after Bestla , a frost giantess -LRB- female giant -RRB- from Norse mythology , mother of Odin .
Obi-Wan then says that Luke must come with him to Alderaan to learn about the Force .
Lea Fastow is a native of Houston , Texas , where she was born into a Jewish family that founded the J. Weingarten Incorporated grocery store chain and Weingarten Realty Investors .
Because of their reckless behavior , Charizard are known to unintentionally cause wildfires .
His hometown is Halle .
In 2008 , Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award .
The province takes its name from the TaÃ no name of the region , Dahaboon ; it was also the name of the main river of the region -LRB- the DajabÃ n River -RRB- .
Several families of the city built patrician villas there , like those of the Medici in Cafaggiolo and the Trebbio .
Instead , Co-operative candidates stand jointly with the Labor Party as `` Labor and Co-operative Party '' candidates .
On each day , the characters discover new things . On the seventh day , everyone is exhausted from their work and needs rest .
Im Yoon-a -LRB- æ -- å ' , born May 30 , 1990 -RRB- , commonly known as YoonA -LRB- ì ì -RRB- , is a South Korean singer , dancer , actress and model .
The first movement , called Introduzione by BartÃ k , is a slow introduction of Night music type that gives way to an allegro with numerous fugato passages .
The word castle is derived from the Latin word castellum which is a diminutive of the word castrum , meaning `` fortified place '' .
The assault came from three different directions : the north , east and south .
AmÄ `` r al-Mu ` minÄ `` n -LRB- Arabic Ø # Ù
started as a political youth organization in 2000 and became a political party in January 2006 , running in 2006 elections .
This is an experimental way to cite the technical specifications of Macintosh models in a uniform way from developer Apple Inc. and third party EveryMac.com .
In a statement , the police stated that the raids were part of a broad investigation into allegations of tax evasion and immigration violations by Moon 's organization .
The territory takes its name from Gaza , its main city .
Argis is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In this he was highly influenced by the Ancient Rhetoric school of the Ming period . This movement saw the Qin and Han periods as the model for prose , and the Tang period as a model for poetry .
BollÃ ne is a commune of 13,835 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Durbe was first noted in 1260 , when the Battle of Durbe occurred near Lake Durbe . City rights were granted to Durbe in 1893 and confirmed in 1917 .
The emergence of the new hawthorn fly is an example of evolution in progress .
Walgreens provides access to consumer goods and services and pharmacy , health and wellness services in America through its retail drugstores , Walgreens Health Services division and Walgreens Health and Wellness division . Walgreens Health Services offers pharmacy patients and prescription drug and medical plans through Walgreens Health Initiatives Inc. -LRB- a pharmacy benefit manager -RRB- , Walgreens Mail Service Inc. , Walgreens Home Care Inc. , Walgreens Specialty Pharmacy LLC and SeniorMed LLC -LRB- a pharmacy provider to long-term care facilities -RRB- .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum -LRB- -LRB- # References -LRB- p -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- is placeholder text -LRB- filler text -RRB- commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout . The lorem ipsum text is typically a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words altered , added and removed that make it nonsensical in meaning and not proper Latin .
Jared Mason Diamond -LRB- born September 10 , 1937 -RRB- is an American author and scientist .
Many Europeans , and Viennese in particular , suspected that he was actually fathered by Napoleon II -LRB- son of Napoleon I and Marie Louise of Austria as Napoleon FranÃ ois Joseph Charles Bonaparte , also known as the Duke of Reichstadt -RRB- .
Vitamin A is a fat soluble vitamin and depends on micellar solubilization for dispersion into the small intestine , which results in poor use of vitamin A from low-fat diets . Zinc deficiency can also impair absorption , transport , and metabolism of vitamin A because it is essential for the synthesis of the vitamin A transport proteins and as the cofactor in conversion of retinol to retinal .
Most of the Rio Hondo is a concrete-lined channel to serve its primary flood control function , but in two places the river flows over open ground : the Peck Road Water Conservation Park , and the Whittier Narrows Recreation Area .
The first episode was directed by Alexander Payne .
The image of the Sacred Heart of Jesus was everywhere in evidence , largely due to the Franciscan devotion to the Five Wounds and to the habit formed by the Jesuits of placing the image on their title-page of their books and the walls of their churches .
As of 2008 , the Asian version of National Geographic Channel is available in over 56 million homes .
Small turbines -LRB- mostly under 10 MW -RRB- may have horizontal shafts , and even fairly large bulb-type turbines up to 100 MW or so may be horizontal .
The next month , a group of 135 Chinese engineers arrived in Darfur to work on this field .
DÃ rflein also appeared with Knut on the twice-daily one-hour shows at the zoo . Because of this , he appeared in lots of videos and photographs with the cub , and became well-known in Germany .
It however handles the most number of containers in the state , with of containers handled in 2006 .
He was given job studying and reporting on manufacturing in different countries . In 1788 he became inspector-general of the industries of France .
They could not see me through their windows , and this was to be the last glimpse that I was to have of any of them ! ''
Geordi La Forge is a character in the series Star Trek : The Next Generation . He is played by LeVar Burton .
The mantle cavity is a central feature of molluscan biology .
Words can be joined by '' '' or to force them to appear together , on one line .
Its famous attraction is the `` UrdbÃ uri '' , the largest stone scree in Northern Europe , with huge boulders scattered on the floor of the valley .
North Korea borders China , Russia , and South Korea .
Individually , or as a suffix in Scotland and in the far northeast of England , the word is pronounced .
Upper Egypt was known as Ta Shemau which means `` the land of reeds . ''
It has been suggested that a spiral structure in the tenuous material surrounding the F ring may have been a consequence of this .
The consequences of these attacks include blindness and permanent scars of the face and body .
Prizes are awarded yearly in twenty-one categories .
Other people see a different problem : Legalizing prostitution would lead to some legal prostitution , that would well-regulated , and probably worked well . On the other hand , there would also be the illegal prostitution , which would not change much .
Class 395 is the designation of new dual-voltage EMUs being built to operate new high speed domestic services on the High Speed 1 railway line in the United Kingdom .
The bobbins are held in a shuttle , which carries the weft thread through the shed .
After Erwin 's business failed , the family was forced to move frequently , finally settling down at Clyde , Ohio , in 1884 .
Oleh Fedorovych `` Oleg '' Tverdovsky -LRB- ; born May 18 , 1976 -RRB- is a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League -LRB- KHL -RRB- .
The term `` discography '' was popularized in the 1930s by collectors of jazz records .
Yvelines is a French department in the region of Ã le-de-France .
It struck southern Spain on October 29 , and moved inland as far as Madrid .
The order was : Senna , Berger , Mansell , Prost , Piquet and Alesi .
A series of anti-immigrant riots happened in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008 .
There are single-decade -LRB- C and D -RRB- , double-decade -LRB- A and B -RRB- , and triple-decade -LRB- K -RRB- scales .
Oxford University Press .
Há '' `` ChÃ Minh , born Nguyá ''
An expansion of the pit lane took place , since a NASCAR pit lane must accommodate a minimum of 43 cars .
Wesley Trent Snipes -LRB- born July 31 , 1962 -RRB- is an American actor , martial artist and film producer .
The city was called Lutetia -LRB- more fully , Lutetia Parisiorum , `` Lutetia of the Parisii '' -RRB- , during the Roman era of the 1st to the 6th century , but during the reign of Julian the Apostate , -LRB- 360 â `` 363 -RRB- the city was renamed Paris .
Durga is one of the goddesses in Hinduism and is a form of Devi , the supreme goddess . In Bengal , she is said to be the mother of Ganesha , Kartikeya as well of Saraswati and Lakshmi .
Sometimes , old master prints are printed on paper , but rarely .
She is rescued by Natsu , who is the real Salamander , and a true member of Fairy Tail Guild .
Wregget 's best season came in 1994 â `` 95 when he played in 38 games and compiled a 25 â `` 9-2 record with a 3.21 goals against average and a .903 save percentage while also leading the NHL in wins .
Each mating results in the production of a single egg , and females are known to mate only once during the breeding season ; each mating is successful .
Written by Ryan Ross and released on May 4 , 2006 as a CD single , `` But It 's Better If You Do '' is the third single to be released by Panic ! at the Disco , and the second with an accompanying video .
Lee Beon-Seok -LRB- hangul : ì ë '' ì , October 20 1900 - May 11 1972 -RRB- was Korean politician and independence activists .
However , because he served only as an interim captain , Sidney Crosby retains the distinction of being the youngest permanent captain in NHL history .
The opera was first played at the Covent Garden Theatre , London on May 14 , 1923 .
This callsign should not be confused with the tail number of the aircraft , although both can be used as a call-sign as used in general aviation .
Players can pick up dead balls and throw them back at the other team .
The Communists refused to turn over his body to his family for burial , and there were persistent rumors that he had in fact died of torture .
EstrÃ e-Cauchy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Natural colors are not required to be tested by a number of regulatory bodies throughout the world , including the United States FDA .
This ballet included the famous leitmotif known as the Swan 's Theme -LRB- or Song of the Swans -RRB- .
The new strain of swine influenza A is called H1N1 is responsible for the swine flu outbreak in 2009 in humans . It resulted from a combination of several strains of influenza in humans and influenza in birds as well as swine influenza .
Australia has also made special issues of 20-cent and one-dollar coins .
Francis Erdmann 1665 â `` 1666 .
Merchtem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Colleville-Montgomery is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
In his first match on the brand that night he defeated Shelton Benjamin but he lost a rematch to Benjamin on the July 9 episode of ECW .
It tracked slowly westward , and first showed signs of development two days later .
The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to land on the shores of Tasmania .
This is a supportive template for various infoboxes from the : Category : Geobox series , not intended to be used on its own .
Wavrans-sur-l ` Aa is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Following World War II , Bonn was in the British zone of occupation , and in 1949 became the capital of West Germany .
Toru Kamikawa -LRB- born 8 June 1963 -RRB- is a former Japanese football referee .
In 1988 Barenboim married the Russian pianist Elena Bashkirova .
The three principal guest conductors of the orchestra have been Carlo Maria Giulini , Claudio Abbado , and Pierre Boulez .
If the compensation system uses cables , there will be an additional sheave in the pit below the elevator , to guide the cables .
There are only three players that have won both the Vezina and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season : Jacques Plante , who won both trophies for the 1961 â `` 62 season ; Dominik Hasek who won both for the 1996 â `` 97 and 1997 â `` 98 seasons ; and Jose Theodore , who won the Vezina and Hart for the 2001 â `` 02 NHL season .
In pre-modern society , the ordeal typically ranked along with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a judicial verdict .
Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Six locomotives were preserved and are still running today .
Growth is the enlargement of a tissue or organism .
List on Rucker 's SJSU web page .
This article deals with the most senior figures who were descended from Charles ' illegitimate male children ; the names of his daughters are also mentioned .
Safe mode is a diagnostic mode of a computer operating system -LRB- OS -RRB- .
Kwethluk is a city in Alaska .
Treasure Planet features the voices of Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Brian Murray , David Hyde Pierce , Martin Short , and Emma Thompson .
The primary focus of the group consisted of semi-abstract paintings with brilliant color , violent brushwork , and distorted human figures inspired by primitive and folk art and similar to American action painting .
Amongst the plants noted here are sea spurry , forget-me-nots , scarlet pimpernel , field bugloss , bracken and nettles .
The Oktoberfest is an important part of Bavarian culture . Other cities across the world also hold Oktoberfest celebrations , modeled after the Munich event .
Sometimes called `` giant club mosses '' , this is actually not correct as they are actually closer to quillworts than to club mosses .
In 2009 he drovr for the Peugeot factory team again . He finished in second place , one lap behind the winning Peugeot .
Arovell 's headquarter is in Gosau in Upper Austria and has branch offices in Vienna and Salzburg .
Vasari says that the King held Leonardo 's head in his arms as he died .
BruntÃ l is in the HrubÃ 1\/2 JesenÃ k mountains -LRB- part NÃ zkÃ 1\/2 JesenÃ k -RRB- .
The campus Koblenz of University of Koblenz and Landau is located in the city .
Most of the artwork dates to the earlier , Aurignacian , era -LRB- 30,000 to 32,000 years ago -RRB- .
A soap bubble is a very thin film of soap water .
Lipscomb is a city in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States .
He had hoped to gain experience by coaching in the Puerto Rican Winter League . But , according to the New York Post , Commissioner Happy Chandler did not allow the request .
A particularly famous part of the circuit is the wall on the outside of the exit of the final chicane before the start\/finish straight .
These thoughts strongly influenced Plato , and later , the whole of western philosophy .
He was the husband of Thalna or Uni and the father of Heracle .
They were carried to the `` Wheel '' in small but high-density sacs that sank through the hull of the space station , causing drops in air pressure .
However , Vancouver Canucks goaltender Roberto Luongo served as captain for two seasons 2008-09 and 2009-10 , but because of the NHL rule against goaltender captains , the league did not allow Luongo to serve as captain on-ice .
It has a population of 24,362 . It is located at 25 Â 30 ' 0N 68 Â 28 ' 0E to the north-east of the district capital - Hyderabad .
However , he died in Euboea of natural causes within the year , 322 BC .
He attended the Corpus Christi School in Morningside Heights , public schools , and later attended Bronx Community College , Lehman College , and Manhattan Community College before matriculating into and studying writing at the City College of New York -LRB- B.A. , 1975 ; M.A. in Creative Writing , 1976 -RRB- .
The show closed quickly , but the couple were hired as a dance act by the CafÃ de Paris .
Major achievements included the development of the polio vaccine in the 1950s and the eradication of smallpox during the 1960s and 1970s .
Richard P. Binzel and Schelte Bus further added to the knowledge about this asteroid in a lightwave survey published in 2003 .
The difference is that Jews have created their state on their historical homeland , and Armenians have created their state not on their historical native land .
On 4 May 1942 , an early morning air raid took place over Exeter .
Luigi Apolloni -LRB- born 2 May , 1967 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Horror hardcore is a term coined by Dwid Hellion that refers to a hybrid of horror punk and hardcore punk .
This system of trading was used mostly in Ancient Ghana .
Emmaste is a rural municipality of the Estonian county of Hiiumaa , located at the south of the island .
The Vietnam national football team is the national football team representing Vietnam and is managed by the Vietnam Football Federation .
A few are parasitic .
Khaba is believed to have reigned a relatively brief four years between 2640 to 2637 BC , although these dates are highly conjectural , based on what scant evidence exists of this early king .
cx domain name was reported sold at an auction on April 30 , 2007 to an unknown bidder .
smallimage No parameter = If no smallimage parameter is given then this template falls back to use the image parameter .
She also scored 116.83 in the free skating program , winning the gold medal .
The APG II system includes it in the family Asparagaceae in the order Asparagales in the monocots clade but allows for the optional segregation of Hesperocallidaceae as a monophyletic family when several other families are likewise segregated .
But out of the seventh egg hatches another duckling , which is too big and gray . The other ducks think it is ugly and call it the `` ugly duckling '' .
A common alternative definition of the maximum is 55 k.
In 1957 he produced his first drawing containing a true impossible object : Cube with Magic Ribbons .
WrestleMania 21 was the first WrestleMania held at the Staples Center , but the fifth to take place in the Southern California metropolitan area -LRB- following WrestleMania 2 , WrestleMania VII , WrestleMania XII and WrestleMania 2000 -RRB- .
They are a dual voltage version -LRB- 1500 V DC and 25 kV 50 Hz AC -RRB- of the BB 7200 and BB 15000 classes .
This template is part of the Protected Areas WikiProject .
Shot on a budget of just $ 500,000 , the film earned over $ 55 million worldwide and was named one of the top cult films by Entertainment Weekly in 2003 .
Within Australia it is almost always abbreviated with the dollar sign -LRB- $ -RRB- , with A$ sometimes used to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies .
Neptune 's second known moon -LRB- by order of distance -RRB- , the odd moon Nereid , has one of the most unusual orbits of any satellite in the solar system .
The character å -LRB- pinyin : tu -RRB- , which stands for earth , is shown with å 1\/4 -LRB- pinyin : qiang -RRB- , which means strength and stability .
Diana Wynne Jones -LRB- August 16 , 1934 â `` March 25 , 2011 -RRB- was an author from England . She wrote fantasy novels .
Other country codes used by many international organizations are partly or totally incompatible with ISO 3166-1 , although some of them closely correspond to ISO 3166-1 codes .
McNamara shifted bank policy toward measures such as building schools and hospitals , improving literacy and agricultural reform .
Helen was also a niece of Anastasia of Montenegro , or Stana , wife of Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia , and of Milica of Montenegro . They were the women who introduced Grigori Rasputin to Tsarina Alexandra .
Can include links .
Percy has a sarcastic sense of humor and is funny in his writing .
In St. Thomas , sustained winds reached 28 mph -LRB- 45 km\/h -RRB- and gusts peaked at 40 mph -LRB- 65 km\/h -RRB- .
Otho is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Only cold-adapted plants and animals survive there , including penguins , seals , nematodes , tardigrades , mites , many types of algae and other microorganisms , and tundra vegetation .
His modernist style was at odds with the socialist realism preferred by his communist friends , who snubbed him : he argued with Bertolt Brecht about his art .
In less than a year , he took Fort Zeelandia and made an agreement with Frederick Coyett , the Dutch governor . The Dutch gave him the fort and left all the goods and property of the Dutch East India Company behind .
Marinetti was soon joined by the painters Umberto Boccioni , Carlo CarrÃ , Giacomo Balla , Gino Severini and the composer Luigi Russolo .
Bear worship may have been practiced as far back as the Middle Paleolithic period amongst Neanderthal societies .
The main industries in and around Exira are agriculture and agribusiness . Exira has an elementary school , built in 1913 , and a high school , completed in 1959 .
Each of the 14 nations or territories submitted 10 names , which are used in alphabetical order , by the English name of the country .
Pietroasa is a commune in Bihor County , northwestern Romania with a population of 3,341 people which includes ChiÅ cÄ u -LRB- Kiskoh -RRB- , Cociuba MicÄ , GiuleÅ ti , Gurani , MÄ gura , MoÅ # eÅ ti and Pietroasa villages .
The Governess hurries Flora home to safety .
Soon thereafter , a doctor arrives on the scene -LRB- Despina in disguise -RRB- , who , through use of a large magnet -LRB- see animal magnetism -RRB- , is able to revive the `` Albanians '' .
QuichÃ Are utzijoxik waâ e kâ a katzâ ininoq , kâ a kachamamoq , katzâ inonik , kâ a kasilanik , kâ a kalolinik , katolona puch upa kaj .
In those jurisdictions in which the right to collect royalties through any statutory or compulsory licensing scheme can not be waived , the Licensor reserves the exclusive right to collect such royalties for any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License ; : ii . Waivable Compulsory License Schemes .
Dodger Stadium was constructed from 1959 to 1962 at a cost of $ 23 million , financed by private sources .
On the day of his return , Hardy received a push and defeated then-WWE Champion Edge by disqualification when Lita pulled Edge out of the ring .
Orlando Gibbons -LRB- born : Oxford , baptised 25 December 1583 ; died Canterbury , 5 June 1625 -RRB- was an English composer and organist .
It abandoned militancy following the peace treaty signed by the government and the Shamiti on December 2 , 1997 .
May earned a PhD in astrophysics from Imperial College in 2007 and is currently the Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University .
Cold Mountain is the namesake of a historical fiction novel by Charles Frazier , and its film adaptation ; both are set in the time of the American Civil War .
Olivier has been charged with one murder and for helping him with a further six .
Edda or the plural Eddas or Eddur , including Poetic Edda -LRB- or Older Edda -RRB- and Prose Edda -LRB- or Younger Edda -RRB- , are two collections of stories about Viking deities .
It is the second-earliest known relative of the Platypus .
Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the Adriatic coast .
The miniskirt was developed separately by AndrÃ CourrÃ ges and John Bates , and there is disagreement as to who came up with the idea first .
Other sightings may have been of actual land , wrongly located through observational errors due to chronometer failure , adverse weather or simple incompetence .
In 2004 , UK 's The Daily Telegraph music critic Neil McCormick called Auto-Tune a `` particularly sinister invention that has been putting extra shine on pop vocals since the 1990s '' by taking `` a poorly sung note and transpos -LRB- ing -RRB- it , placing it dead center of where it was meant to be '' .
It was first published in 1996 .
Townshend was ranked # 3 in Dave Marsh 's list of Best Guitarists in The New Book of Rock Lists , # 10 in Gibson.com 's list of the top fifty guitarists , and # 50 in Rolling Stone magazine 's 2003 list : 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time .
On September 8 , it became an extratropical cyclone after causing four deaths and $ 300 million -LRB- 2003 USD , $ USD -RRB- in damage on Bermuda ; there , it was considered the worst hurricane in nearly 80 years .
Christopher Scott Thile -LRB- ; born February 20 , 1981 -RRB- is an American musician , best known as the mandolinist and a vocalist for the progressive acoustic trio Nickel Creek .
The first is the game 's random battle encounter system : each area assigns values to PokÃ mon in a data buffer , which the game accesses for the player 's encounters with wild PokÃ mon. .
Moderate winds were reported along its path , which peaked at 60 mph -LRB- 96 km\/h -RRB- in southern Nova Scotia .
After months of following her path of the Way of Love , Gabrielle picks up the sword of a paralyzed Xena and fights off a large group Roman soldiers with incredible skill .
F-flat major is a major scale based on F-flat .
Wettingen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A tropical wave is usually preceded by an area of sinking , intensely dry air , sloping as a northeast wind .
This enabled soldiers on the wall head to rapidly move to a threatened sector of the fortress without having to descend inside the towers , as well as allowing placement of artillery .
NSZZ `` SolidarnoÅ Ä '' -RRB- is an airport near GoleniÃ w , Szczecin , Police and Å winoujÅ cie in Poland .
During landing , the vehicle overran the runway and it sustained minor damage .
Then , vacuum is taken from it .
As they arrive at the ice show , Leo , the actor portraying `` Reptar , '' shows his outrage at the theme of the show to the manager , Harry , and how he questions why he chose to play the part due to his dislike of children , lizards , and his inability to ice skate .
Teachers will cheer for Percy Jackson and the Olympians as they inspire students to embrace Greek mythology and score the ultimate Herculean challenge : getting kids to read .
MÄ lini is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
This was narrowed down to the ten venues that were officially announced by FIFA on 17 March 2006 .
He appeared on Buffy from 1997 to 1999 , at which point he began starring in Angel , which ran until 2004 .
Hungen is a town in the district of GieÃ en , in the state of Hesse , Germany .
Also along the floor is the service line , which is 1.5 meters -LRB- 5 feet -RRB- in front of the short line .
Joshua Abraham Norton -LRB- c. 1819 â `` January 8 , 1880 -RRB- , the self-proclaimed Imperial Majesty Emperor Norton I , was a celebrated citizen of San Francisco , California , who in 1859 proclaimed himself `` Emperor of these United States '' and subsequently `` Protector of Mexico '' .
Vancouver Millionaires vs. Toronto
For research notes , see User : Teratornis\/Notes # Wikipedia : FAQ search broke . -RRB-
Drosophila is a genus of small flies , belonging to the family Drosophilidae , whose members are often called `` fruit flies '' .
The Kansasâ `` Nebraska Act of 1854 created the territories of Kansas and Nebraska , opened new lands , repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820 , and allowed settlers in those territories to determine if they would allow slavery within their boundaries . The initial purpose of the Kansasâ `` Nebraska Act was to create opportunities for a Mideastern Transcontinental Railroad .
Grenay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He finished the year seventh in the Italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at Valencia . He failed to score a point in his few starts in the European races .
The doors then close after an adjustable time period and the car remains unusable until reset , usually by cycling the elevator main power switch .
It is regarded as one of the supreme masterpieces of the Early Renaissance .
Christian Gentner -LRB- born 14 August 1985 in NÃ 1\/4 rtingen -RRB- is a German footballer who plays for VfB Stuttgart .
Because the Spaniards could not pronounce it properly , the town has been called Calamba supposedly since then .
Bol was 7 feet , 7 inches tall , and was one of only two people that tall to play in the NBA . The other is former NBA center Gheorghe MureÅ an .
Gundaroo is a small village in New South Wales , Australia . It is in the Yass Valley Shire .
Otto Loewi -LRB- 3 June 1873 -- 25 December 1961 -RRB- was a German pharmacologist whose discovery of acetylcholine helped enhance medical therapy .
In 2004 , Jeunet released A Very Long Engagement , an adaptation of the novel by SÃ bastien Japrisot .
Countries with great majority Hispanic population include Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Cuba , Dominican Republic , Ecuador , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua , Panama , Paraguay , Peru , Puerto Rico , Uruguay and Venezuela .
Also , the remnants helped produce rainfall on Nova Scotia , which caused some flooding on roads and in basements .
Elive is a fully functional distribution with a Live CD counterpart that allows the user to sample the distribution before installing it on the system .
The video games describe Charizard as having wings that can carry them close to an altitude of 4,600 feet , flying proudly around the sky and constantly seeking for powerful opponents to quarrel with .
The Florida Southern Heavyweight Championship was the top professional wrestling title of Florida Championship Wrestling , a developmental territory of World Wrestling Entertainment .
The three main camps were Auschwitz I , Auschwitz II-Birkenau , and a work camp called Auschwitz III-Monowitz , or the Buna .
As it continued inland , it rapidly lost tropical characteristics , and later that day the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Barry while it was located over northeastern Florida .
In classical Greek mythology , Aquila was identified as Î ` Î Ï Ï Ï Î '' Î Î Ï -LRB- Aetos Dios -RRB- , the eagle that carried the thunderbolts of Zeus and was sent by him to carry the shepherd boy Ganymede , whom he desired , to Mount Olympus ; the constellation of Aquarius is sometimes identified with Ganymede .
Agrippa was born in Cologne in 1486 .
At the scientific level of the debate , the crucial question was whether the `` threshold theory '' was valid or whether , as Lewis insisted , the effects of radioactivity were `` linear with no threshold '' , where every exposure to radiation had a long-term cumulative effect .
Lynch hosted Saturday Night Live on October 9 , 2010 ; the news of her hosting was accidentally revealed to her by her Glee boss , Ryan Murphy , by text message .
In 1999 , the number was 23,677,800 and 3,001,748 respectively .
The Komodo dragon 's nostrils are not very useful for smelling , because it does not have a diaphragm .
Fraudulent is the word used to describe something that is fraud , or is causing fraud .
George Foreman , a former champion boxer , is the main spokesperson for the grill .
When viewed through a prism , the orientation of a light-dark boundary with respect to the prism 's axis is significant .
As mentioned above , successful amendment of the Constitution requires a referendum in which the `` Yes '' vote achieves a majority nationally , as well as majorities in a majority of states .
The hurricane broke a three month drought , but caused heavy crop damage in the process .
Several cases were filed against Gohar Shahi and his followers .
A Marine Corps aircraft carrying the Vice President has the call sign Marine Two .
Zinc ores continue to be the primary source of indium , where it is found in compound form .
Because of its remoteness , even by Antarctic standards , most of Marie Byrd Land -LRB- the portion east of 150 Â W -RRB- has not been claimed by any sovereign nation .
Knockout is accomplished through a combination of techniques , beginning in the test tube with a plasmid , a bacterial artificial chromosome or other DNA construct , and proceeding to cell culture .
The music on X&Y has been considered to be `` ruminations on Martin 's doubts , fears , hopes , and loves . ''
Engente is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Trenton is a city of Florida in the United States .
Kid A is an album by the band Radiohead . It was released in October 2000 .
Fuji Speedway Corporation was established in 1963 , as Japan NASCAR Corporation .
Instead of using the field in these instances , simply use the appropriate field .
While they have a total of 74.1 k of shoreline , measured along the outer edge of the reef , there are no ports or harbors , only offshore anchorage .
Vieil-Hesdin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Garching bei MÃ 1\/4 nchen or Garching is a city in Bavaria , Germany near Munich .
The press separated the greasy cocoa butter from cacao seeds , leaving a purer and less fattening chocolate powder behind .
This organization has the right to give lessons of religious education in state schools .
Mole crickets are omnivores or meat eaters , feeding on larvae , worms , roots , and grasses .
Countries bordering Panama are Costa Rica in the Northwest and Colombia in the Southeast .
In cryptography , a trusted third party -LRB- TTP -RRB- is an entity which facilitates interactions between two parties who both trust the third party ; The Third Party reviews all critical transaction communications between the parties , based on the ease of creating fraudulent digital content .
In build and appearance , they are very similar to production , passenger carrying Shinkansen trains , and line inspection is carried out at full line speed -LRB- i.e. up to 270 km\/h on the TÅ kaidÅ Shinkansen -RRB- .
MÃ nica Puig , 6 â `` 4 , 6 â `` 2 .
By way of comparison , as of May 2008 , the largest U.S. wind plant is the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center with a capacity of 736 MW .
The couple had fourteen children , six of whom survived into adulthood :
Nearly all the gasoline sold in the United States today is mixed with 10 percent ethanol , a mix known as E10 , and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends .
Training is different from exercise . Exercise may be an occasional activity for fun .
This belief grew out of opposition to revolutionary socialism , which contends that revolutions are necessary to fundamentally change a society .
189930 Jeanneherbert is named after Jeanne Herbert , an active member of the Huachuca Astronomy Club .
As of the early 21st century , Christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.1 billion followers , which is about a quarter of all people of Earth .
Rezovski Creek -LRB- 're - zov-ski po - ` tok -RRB- is a melt-water stream located on Livingston Island , Antarctica .
The Solar System formed from the gravitational collapse of a giant molecular cloud 4.568 billion years ago .
In the poem , Grendel is feared by all but Beowulf .
, , etc. space and indent are limited to adding 30 spaces , and have a large-ish cost in pre-expansion template size from their logic .
and abandoned on stage 8 as the race reached the Alps , having taken two top-ten placings but unhappy not to have had a top-five placing .
To the east of Chitral are the federally controlled Northern Areas of Pakistan-administered Kashmir and to the south are the Pakistani internal districts of Upper Dir and Swat .
1841-49 : University and medical school , mostly at Greifswald and Berlin .
While personal income has remained relatively stagnant over the past few decades , household income has risen due to the rising percentage of households with two or more income earners .
David Pritchard credits the drop rule to the practice of 16th century mercenaries who switched loyalties when capturedâ '' no doubt as an alternative to execution . ''
Each spliceosome is composed of five small nuclear RNA proteins , called snRNPs , -LRB- pronounced `` snurps '' -RRB- and a range of non-snRNP protein factors .
Green olives usually produce more bitter oil , and overripe olives can produce oil that is rancid , so for good extra virgin olive oil care is taken to make sure the olives are perfectly ripened .
William Sterndale Bennett was born in Sheffield , the son of Robert Bennett , the local Cathedral organist .
Since the late 1950s , the city has had a big amount of immigration , first from southern Italy , then other countries . Since the late 1980s a large Han community has settled in the city .
The proskenion -LRB- `` in front of the scene '' -RRB- was columned , and was similar to the modern day proscenium .
The anchovy is a significant food source for almost every predatory fish in its environment , including the California halibut , rock fish , yellowtail , sharks , chinook , and coho salmon .
The United States , for example , is a party to the CCW but did not sign protocol III .
There is another number line , equally valid and useful , that extends vertically through 0 -LRB- the origin -RRB- at right angles to our traditional number line and uses imaginary numbers -LRB- i -RRB- also extending into infinity . These so called imaginary numbers extend above and below the traditional number line and are used in very real calculations in many areas of science and technology .
Production for Blige 's debut album began in 1991 , with Sean `` Puffy '' Combs -LRB- at the time a beginning A&R executive at Uptown -RRB- largely overseeing the project .
The Norwegian Linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world .
Henry III was unable to be crowned in London when he first came to the throne because the French prince Louis had taken control of the city , and so the king was crowned in Gloucester Cathedral .
In North Carolina , the storm surge from Isabel washed away part of Hatteras Island . This area of washed away land was sometimes known as Isabel Inlet .
Note that during the act of writing an object , a RAID storage device will usually be writing all redundant copies of the object in parallel , although overlapped or staggered writes are more common when a single RAID processor is responsible for multiple drives .
He has played for Gamba Osaka .
In other words , it is the half maximal -LRB- 50 % -RRB- inhibitory concentration -LRB- IC -RRB- of a substance -LRB- 50 % IC , or IC50 -RRB- .
Three years later , his team finished an 18-year longitudinal study that showed that , if anything , such exposure was associated with slight beneficial effects , particularly for boys .
In 1974 he left the Conservative Party , before the February election , and became an MP in Northern Ireland for the Ulster Unionist Party in October 1974 .
The Mediterranean is characterized and immediately recognized by its deep blue color .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Serre is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Passive solar design techniques can be applied most easily to new buildings , but existing buildings can be adapted or `` retrofitted '' .
Neuhausen am Rheinfall is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
In recognition of his pioneering role in starting what is now a global research community that work on C. elegans , another closely related nematode was given the scientific name Caenorhabditis brenneri .
They have been referred to as Germany 's most successful pop duo , and have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
The term napalm is a combination of the names of its derivatives -LRB- coprecipitated aluminum salts of naphthenic , and palmitic acids -RRB- .
These were locomotives built and owned by private firms , but used by British Rail to test them .
As a result the government fell in March 1930 and BrÃ 1\/4 ning was named Chancellor by Hindenburg .
Samuel berates him for not carrying out the mass extermination completely , so Saul repents and begs Samuel to go with him . Samuel refuses and leaves , but Saul grabs at him , tearing part of Samuel 's mantle , for which Samuel says that part of Saul 's kingdom will be torn off and given to another .
The latter fact was perhaps most prominent when in 1979 â `` 80 , first-year phenom Wayne Gretzky was not eligible to win the Calder Trophy despite scoring 137 points -LRB- the previous rookie record at the time being 95 -RRB- , because he had played a full season the previous year in the World Hockey Association .
The policy was introduced in 1978 and initially applied to first-born children in the year of 1979 . It was created by the Chinese government to alleviate social , economic , and environmental problems in China , and authorities claim that the policy has prevented between 250 and 300 million births from its implementation until 2000 , and 400 million births from 1979 to 2010 .
Selectable markers show the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign DNA into a cell .
F3000 was replaced by the GP2 Series in 2005 .
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire , from its division by Diocletian in 286 ; the other half of the Roman Empire became known as the Eastern Roman Empire , today widely known as the Byzantine Empire .
In 1942 , the club reached the Israel State Cup final , but was defeated 12-1 by Beitar Tel Aviv in the final .
She was the country 's second female president -LRB- after CorazÃ n Aquino -RRB- , and the daughter of former President Diosdado Macapagal .
A flagship is a vessel used by the commanding officer of a group of naval ships , reflecting the custom of its commander , characteristically a flag officer , flying a distinguishing flag .
The game was developed or made by Radical Entertainment and published or was put out to be sold by Vivendi Universal .
The Lesser Antilles -LRB- also known as the Caribbees -RRB- are a group of islands that is located between the eastern edge of the Caribbean Sea and the western Atlantic Ocean , while some of the islands are also located just off the northern coast of South America .
The Grand Duchy of Tuscany -LRB- Italian : Granducato di Toscana , Latin : Magnus Ducatus Etruriae -RRB- was a central Italian monarchy that existed , with interruptions , from 1569 to 1859 , replacing the Duchy of Florence .
Bhutto was the first woman elected to lead a Muslim state .
Wikipedia contains obscure information that would not be covered in a conventional encyclopedia .
During World War I Anastasia and her sister Maria visited hurt soldiers at a hospital at Tsarskoye Selo .
They called it a good contender to Mewtwo , as well as an unpredictable PokÃ mon due to its ability to use any TM or HMs , items that teach PokÃ mon attacks .
Bhopal is also headquarter of Bhopal District .
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center -LRB- JTWC -RRB- have also recognized Mekkhala as the 20th tropical depression , and the 18th tropical storm of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season .
Edwards and Farley invited friends Bill Rolen , a board member of the Council of Conservative Citizens , and Jess Bonds as guest hosts , as well as radio technician Art Frith .
It is packed between , below , and around the ties .
In Leicester , Arriva run most of its services from St. Margaret 's Bus Station with some journeys beginning and stopping in Charles Street .
Weakened shear allowed Cindy to strengthen more as it approached Louisiana and was a minimal hurricane with 75 mph -LRB- 120 km\/h -RRB- winds for a very short time when it made landfall near Grand Isle late on July 5 .
This color may also be called floral lavender . It is a medium violet .
The list includes National Rail and Heathrow Airport stations . It does not include stations exclusively served by the London Underground , Tramlink and Docklands Light Railway .
In late medieval times Steinfurt became an independent earldom .
KÃ 1\/4 nten is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The bg parameter is Optional .
Langoiran is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
In May 1925 , the Museum 's first graphical displays was opened to the public .
Denton True `` Cy '' Young -LRB- March 29 , 1867 â `` November 4 , 1955 -RRB- was an American baseball player who was a pitcher for five different professional baseball teams from 1890 to 1911 .
Ervy-le-Ch Ã cents tel is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
The American Academy of Dermatology distinguishes 5 types of tattoos : Traumatic tattoos , also called `` natural tattoos '' , that result from injuries , especially asphalt from road injuries or pencil lead ; Amateur tattoos ; Professional tattoos , both via traditional methods and modern tattoo machines ; Medical tattoos ; Cosmetic tattoos , also known as `` permanent makeup '' .
In an example Husserl explains this in the following way : if you are standing in front of a house , you have a proper , direct presentation of that house , but if you are looking for it and ask for directions , then these directions -LRB- e.g. the house on the corner of this and that street -RRB- are an indirect , improper presentation .
McVicar grew up in Brandon , Manitoba , where he played junior hockey for the Brandon Wheat Kings of the WHL for the four seasons 1999-2000 to 2002-2003 .
Ratchet & Clank : Going Commando -LRB- Ratchet & Clank 2 : Locked and Loaded in Europe , Australia and New Zealand -RRB- is a 3D platform\/shooter for the PlayStation 2 . It was developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony in 2003 .
Blooming Time : April - May .
The Palatine Hill and hills surrounding it presented easily defensible positions in the wide fertile plain surrounding them .
Training commonly uses the technique of progressively increasing the force output of the muscle through incremental increases of weight , elastic tension or other resistance , and uses a variety of exercises and types of training equipment to target specific muscle groups .
The alphanumeric set consists of the numbers 0 to 9 and letters A to Z. An example of an alphanumeric word or code is `` A1B2C3456 ''
She is well-known for her playing of the works of Mozart , Beethoven , Schubert , Chopin , Debussy and Schoenberg .
It can be called D.C. , The District of Columbia , The District , or sometimes just Washington .
Organized crime include drug trafficking , gunrunning , money laundering , extortion , murder for hire , fraud , human trafficking and poaching .
The Scottish Conservative & Unionist Party -LRB- usually shortened to the Scottish Conservative Party or the Scottish Tories -RRB- is the part of the British Conservative Party that operates in Scotland .
Intel had announced the 8080 chip , and compared to the 4004 to which IMS Associates had been first introduced , the 8080 looked like a `` real computer '' .
The power of Athens declined following its defeat in the Peloponnesian War against the Spartans .
The Athenian Golden Age ends with the defeat of Athens at the hands of Sparta in the Peloponnesian War in 404 BC .
When this happens , the vacant seats have to be filled by co-option by the council .
The 23rd century is a century that lasts from January 1 , 2201 , to December 31 , 2300 .
The activities of Vaikundar is historically jointed with this Pathis . There are five Pathis :
EasyBCD is a free program developed by the non-profit NeoSmart Technologies used to configure and tweak the Windows bootloader .
Among his descendants are cinematographer Floyd Crosby , his son , rock musician David Crosby and former Massachusetts Governor William Weld .
; Alan White Active : 1995 -- 2004 Instruments : drums , percussion Release contributions : -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ?
The university initially turned down the money , evidently turned off by Pulitzer 's odd personality .
The acetyl group is part of any organic compounds such as acetylcholine and acetyl-CoA .
The DVD release does not include `` Sure '' -LRB- which was mixed the Gorillaz version of `` Dirty Harry '' for the tour -RRB- , usually performed between `` Apache 2006 '' and `` Relight My Fire '' for an unknown reason .
An art book was also released in mid-2010 .
Date-of-birth -LRB- `` bday '' -RRB- information will only be included in the microformat if , , or are used in the infobox .
Returning to the Commons through a by-election in Kensington and Chelsea in 1999 , Portillo rejoined the front bench as Shadow Chancellor , although his relationship with Conservative Leader William Hague was strained .
Illegal wildlife trade in India has increased .
The Fender Stratocaster , also called a Strat , is a type of solidbody electric guitar . The Stratocaster was designed by Leo Fender , Freddie Tavares , and George Fullerton in 1954 , and is made by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation .
Starting in 1929 , she participated in a number of Hastings Congress tournaments .
Agrobacterium-like conjugation is also primarily used for dicots , but monocot recipients are not uncommon .
Curzon Street railway station is a former railroad station in Birmingham , United Kingdom . It opened in 1838 and became a goods yard in 1854 .
Beauquesne is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Samuel Kuffour -LRB- born 3 September 1976 -RRB- is a former Ghanaian football player .
Frigg is the highest goddess of the Ã sir , while Freyja is the highest goddess of the Vanir .
According to journalist Paul C. Jezek , Ebner 's writing style is characterized by very careful and acerbic wording .
Brooms are a group of evergreen , semi-evergreen , and deciduous shrubs in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae , mainly in the three genera Chamaecytisus , Cytisus and Genista , but also in five other small genera -LRB- see box , right -RRB- .
Observations with Hubble Space Telescope and large terrestrial telescopes found water ice absorption features in the spectrum of Puck .
U.S. patent 6987991 , for example , discloses a method developed in 2001 to send emoticons over a cell phone using a drop down menu .
It is done in the style of doo-wop and Elvis Presley .
The language most similar to Rapa Nui is Mangarevan with an 80 % similarity in vocabulary .
Besides , Zentyal includes a development framework to ease the development of new Unix based services .
After the battle , Daedalus sacrifices himself to close the Labyrinth , which is tied to his life .
The Election Riot of 1874 occurred near Comer .
Water may even reach the ground surface if the natural pressure is high enough , in which case the well is called a flowing artesian well .
That year , he also finished fifth in the early season Parisâ `` Nice stage race , and ninth in the world championship , but he abandoned the Tour de France on stage 3 , affected by a knee injury .
In 2001 , Cuban exiled scholars Alberto Ã lvarez and Gerardo GonzÃ lez , who were among those purged from the CEA , wrote the book '' Â Intelectuales vs. RevoluciÃ n ?
Like other tribes , they were nomads .
A report published by the National Crime Records Bureau compared crime rate from 1953 to 2006 .
The intention of this tag is to nudge fellow editors who may inadvertently -LRB- or otherwise -RRB- introduce text that appears based upon original research , into supporting such text through demonstrating its previously researched origins .
Susumu Watanabe -LRB- born 10 October 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
A moderate amount of personal discussion , with those users , could be considered as beneficial to Wikipedia .
Bucy-le-Long is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The Gilbert and Ellice Islands were a British protectorate from 1892 and colony from 1916 until 1 January 1976 when the islands were divided into two different colonies which became independent nations shortly after .
The decision ended Sompote 's bid to continue his enterprise , and the court gave Sompote 30 days to stop profiteering from Ultraman .
Bartolo does not want to leave him alone with Rosina , so he gets Figaro -LRB- who is a barber -RRB- to shave him .
He has also been criticized for his arrogance and stubbornness .
Most lizards rely heavily on body language , using specific postures , gestures , and movements to define territory , resolve disputes , and entice mates .
At the 2009 Royal Rumble , Hardy lost his WWE Championship to Edge after Hardy 's brother , Matt , interfered on Edge 's behalf and hit Hardy with a steel chair .
This essay , WP : Alert , lists many ways to get alerts , news , and answers about Wikipedia issues .
The tube worms , like parasitic worms , absorb nutrients directly into their tissues .
The Caracal or Desert Lynx and the Jungle Cat are similar to the lynx , but they are not much of a relative .
Palin transferred the office of governor to Sean Parnell in Fairbanks on July 26 , 2009 .
BelvÃ dÃ re is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
He finally took the KurhausstÃ 1\/4 berl from his mentor in 1980 .
The Late Cretaceous of Africa is known mainly from North Africa .
They were one of the founders of the local Socialist Alliance groups , but they left in 2001 .
It consists of five pure vowels , \/ i e a o u \/ .
A36 steel is a standard steel alloy which is commonly used in the United States .
The flag uses the same colors as the flag of Brazil . The big star in the middle of the flag is a symbol for the new state .
Hans Cieslarczyk -LRB- born 3 May 1937 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Gombe Streamâ s high levels of diversity make it an increasingly popular tourist destination .
He made his NHL debut on April 10 , 2009 against the Calgary Flames .
Liaquat Ali heads the legal party .
So the sunlight can not reach the spot . The dark image , which the object casts on the ground -LRB- or on another object -RRB- is called shadow , not shade .
The Khulna District is a district of Bangladesh .
The system was of frontal origin ... the frontal structure was eventually lost ... The convective structure resembled a tropical , rather than subtropical cyclone , and the radius of maximum winds -LRB- based on QuikSCAT -RRB- was very close to the center , also more typical of tropical cyclones ... on balance , it was more tropical than subtropical .
These features represented an unheard of level of luxury for rural Koreans , north or south , in the 1950s .
On the showdown , each player plays the best poker hand they can make from the seven cards comprising his two hole cards and the five community cards . A player may use both of his own two hole cards , only one , or none at all , to form his final five-card hand .
There are several news channels on cable television that give news all day long , such as Fox News and CNN .
Influence of other dialects is more significant in the vocabulary of standard Lithuanian .
Franklins , Franklins Fresh and Franklins Big Fresh also launched their websites that year .
Yonge is home or close to many attractions in Toronto , since , in addition to serving as the city 's `` main street '' , it runs near Bay Street -LRB- center of the business district -RRB- and University Avenue , home of the Ontario Legislature . Yonge is therefore a popular and commercial main thoroughfare rather than a ceremonial one , hosting live street and theater performances , the Eaton Centre , Yonge-Dundas Square and the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book written by Gail Carson Levine and published in 1997 .
The eastern part is lower , and is a well known wine region . The German Wine Route -LRB- Deutsche Weinstrasse -RRB- passes through the Palatinate wine region .
Prior to 1900 , library facilities at Hiram College consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : Delphic , Hesperian , and Olive Branch .
When excessive variation is identified by the control chart detection rules , or the process capability is found lacking , additional effort is exerted to determine causes of that variance .
In the 1830 's , the bell was used as a symbol by abolitionist societies , who called it the `` Liberty Bell '' .
In 1975 , he played supporting roles in Farewell , My Lovely ; Capone ; and Death Race 2000 .
On numerous occasions , Finlay either physically shoved Little Bastard back under the ring or was forced to tackle him before he could hit an opponent .
Cerseuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It runs more than 2400 passenger flights per week from its hub at Dubai International Airport Terminal 3 , to 108 places in 60 countries . It goes to countries on six continents .
In animal cell , the whole cell is made of protoplasm , surrounded by a cell membrane .
Maltot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous cyst .
Merlieux-et-Fouquerolles is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Zakarpattia Oblast is administratively subdivided into 13 raions -LRB- districts -RRB- , as well as 5 cities -LRB- municipalities -RRB- which are directly subordinate to the oblast government : Berehove , Chop , Khust , Mukachevo , and the administrative center of the oblast , Uzhhorod .
A Raster image processor is a component that can be found in some printers . The raster image processor receives the data in a description language , like Postscript , PCL , or PDF and converts it to a bitmap or raster image .
Salvador Dali is one artist who would exemplify visionary art that is neither religious nor primitive .
Soon after , he decided to pursue a career in the theater instead , and took acting training courses at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow .
The seventh , in 2005 , sold all the seats with further fans standing .
Some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout .
GuantÃ namo 's architecture and culture is distinct from that of the rest of Cuba .
Lincoln gave a copy to each of his private secretaries , John Nicolay and John Hay .
`` On the seventh day the king came to mourn for Daniel .
The game was a surprise hit , inspiring Konami 's Games and Music Division to change its name to Bemani in honor of the game , and to then begin experimenting with other rhythm games over the next few years .
Another 10 episodes later , she displays immensely impressive skills with the staff , taking on numerous soldiers single-handedly , in the attempts to rescue Xena 's presumably dead body .
On 8 October 2005 Seer Gharbi , like much of Abbottabad district , was affected by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake .
Champagne-en-Valromey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A hammer and sickle survives in a frame on the wall , a source of some controversy .
The phylogenetic relationships of the different groups of bats have been the subject of much debate .
Tropical Depression Five formed in the central tropical Atlantic the evening of July 10 .
The brakes are operated manually by a wooden handle in the station .
At its height , Ani had a population of 100,000 â `` 200,000 people and was the rival of Constantinople , Baghdad and Cairo .
He died after four days of delirium , on 14 June 1801 , at the age of 60 .
On the night of December 16 , General Breckinridge and his troops moved out of Saltville , Virginia in an effort to stop Stoneman .
Manichaeism thrived between the third and seventh centuries , and at its height was one of the most widespread religions in the world .
DelikanlÄ m -LRB- English : My Boy or My Lad -RRB- is the first album by Turkish singer YÄ ldÄ z Tilbe .
The city center is a colonial town . It has a large market , the national stadium , a large mosque , and a cathedral .
Unlike Tekken 5.1 which merely tried to balance Tekken 5 , Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection adds a host of new content .
The Polish people , or Poles -LRB- , singular Polak -RRB- as a nation , they are bounded by the Polish language , which belongs to the Lechitic subgroup of west slavic languages of Central Europe , living mainly in Poland .
It developed out of a previously non-tropical low on May 9 about 150 miles -LRB- 240 km -RRB- northeast of Daytona Beach , Florida , three weeks before the official start of the season .
While training to become a Roman Catholic priest his fellow students asked him how he managed to study philosophy so well , and he replied he imagined Mary was asking him the questions .
After splitting off to the east from the Union Tool Company plant which was once a short distance south of the bridge , the line ended at a Columbia Steel steel mill -LRB- later United States Steel -RRB- by running up and over the east\/west Torrance local line . It is the only part of the PE which crossed itself this way .
Albert von Szent-Gy Ã rgyi de NagyrÃ polt -LRB- September 16 , 1893 -- October 22 , 1986 -RRB- was a Hungarian physiologist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1937 .
The Japanese Dormouse -LRB- Glirulus japonicus -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family .
A gated residential area called Seaview Apartments lies close to a section of Clifton beach known as Seaview beach or simply Seaview .
Kristen 's mother , Jules Mann-Stewart , is a script superviser and was born in Australia .
Nada -LRB- May 1894 - May 19 , 1896 -RRB- , Burnhamâ s daughter who was the first white child born in Bulawayo , died of fever and starvation during the Siege of Bulawayo .
During their conversation , Tod lets it slip that Copper is n't a stray , and Dixie hatches a plan to get Copper out of the band with Tod 's help .
Reza 's case was transferred to Iran 's Head of Judiciary Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi for review .
Additionally , it is more likely to be found at certain positions than at others , depending on its energy level .
The 1967 stock is now being replaced bit by bit from July 2009 as part of Transport for London 's 5-year Â # 10 billion redevelopment project .
Asmara was populated by a numerous Italian community and consequently the city acquired an Italian architectural look . The city of Asmara had a population of 98,000 , of which 53,000 were Italian according to the Italian census of 1939 .
Palm Island is an Aboriginal community located on Great Palm Island , also called by the Aboriginal name `` Bwgcolman '' , an island on the Great Barrier Reef in North Queensland , Australia The settlement is also known by a variety of other names including `` the Mission '' , Palm Island Settlement or Palm Community .
Nawaf Al-Temyat , born June 28 , 1976 , is a retired Saudi Arabian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
Aerobics or rhythmic fitness is a physical exercise performed under a rhythmic music . It includes running , jumping , stretching and strength training routines .
After having supper , and telling the hostages not to raise the alarm for another three hours , they left .
Light passes through the transparent slide and lens , and the resulting image is enlarged and projected onto a perpendicular flat screen so the audience can view its reflection .
Shigeyoshi Suzuki -LRB- October 13 , 1902 -- December 20 , 1971 -RRB- was a Japanese football player .
The River Aln is a river in the county of Northumberland .
His father , Remzi Zarakolu , was the district governor on that island .
Alfalfa County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
He wrote , Nightmare Blue -LRB- 1977 -RRB- with George Alec Effinger . Dozois also wrote Hunter 's Run -LRB- 2008 -RRB- with George R. R. Martin and Daniel Abraham .
Sea turtles are almost entirely aquatic and have flippers instead of feet .
At Badwater , significant rainstorms flood the valley bottom periodically , covering the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .
The Canadian Siberian Expeditionary Force , commanded by Major General James H. Elmsley and authorised in August 1918 , was sent to Vladivostok to bolster the allied presence there .
As of 2000 , the population was 27,210 .
Corte is connected to Ajaccio , Bastia and Calvi by the Corsican railway .
Blue Tattoo is the third album by the Estonian girl band Vanilla Ninja , and the last original Vanilla Ninja album released by Bros Records .
However , unlike the moon , it has a large iron core , which gives off a magnetic field about 1 % as strong as that of the Earth .
In 1968 , Baader and his girlfriend Gudrun Ensslin were convicted of the setting fire to a department store in Frankfurt am Main .
Derek Adams -LRB- son of George Adams -RRB- took over as caretaker , and was confirmed as permanent manager a month later , after the side 's good form continued .
A physical USB device can have several logical sub-devices that are referred to as device functions .
It is part of the Zwickau district .
At atmospheric pressure , the carbon dioxide gas escapes very slowly from the supersaturated liquid .
They were hosted by Tom Kenny .
Due to its slow movement over Texas , Beulah led to significant flooding , and caused over $ 1 billion -LRB- 2005 USD -RRB- in damages .
Ludiano is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It was the second most intensive storm on the planet in 1989 , when Voyager 2 flew by the planet .
His 1872 Erlangen Program , which classified geometries by their underlying symmetry groups , was a hugely influential synthesis of much of the mathematics of the day .
Darth Maul appears in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace as the apprentice of Sith lord Darth Sidious , who sends him to capture Queen PadmÃ Amidala and eliminate the two Jedi , Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi . During the film 's climactic scene , he kills Qui-Gon during a lightsaber duel , and knocks Obi-Wan into a reactor chasm ; at the last minute , however , Obi-Wan uses the Force to propel himself out of the chasm , equipping himself with his master 's lightsaber .
The city has been defended with walls since the foundation of the Deva Victrix fort on the site in 79 .
VY Canis Majoris -LRB- VY CMa -RRB- is a red hypergiant star located in the constellation Canis Major .
She was the 5th cabinet officer be investigated by independent counsel .
A USB host can have multiple host controllers . Each host controller provides one or more USB ports .
Aarhus is the second-largest city in Denmark .
808s & Heartbreak is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West , released November 24 , 2008 on Roc-A-Fella Records in the United States .
-LRB- 1 - 5 -RRB-
It is used in divination as well as in game playing .
Zanzibar national football team is the national football team of Zanzibar .
He served as the first chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and its predecessor from December 4 , 1815 , until his resignation from the Senate on April 20 , 1818 ; on this occasion to accept appointment as United States Ambassador to Russia , a position he held from 1818-1821 .
Seedlessness is an important feature of some fruits of commerce .
They were called Ise Province , Shima Province and Iga Province . After the Meiji Restoration , this area changed many times .
As a thank-you gesture , Werder sent the Hannover squad ninety-six bottles of champagne .
Seven volumes in length , it was composed by Buddhist priest Jien of the Tendai sect c. 1220 .
Ferrara is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy .
By Mid-March 1798 Aarau was occupied by French troops .
The Mopti Region is a region located in Mali .
For example , Google Apps provides common business applications online that are accessed from a web browser , while the software and data are stored on the Internet servers .
In the professional tournaments Novak Djokovic won the Australian Open for the second time while Kim Clijsters won her first Australian Open title .
In histology , adipose tissue or body fat or just fat is loose tissue made up of cells called adipocytes .
In children , the foreskin usually covers the glans completely but in adults , this need not be so .
The art is from panel 1 of page 6 of Silver Surfer # 1 published in 1982 .
Inuit means more than one , one person is an `` Inuk '' .
Ararat is nestled between several mountain ranges , including the Grampians National Park , Mount Langi Ghiran , Mount Cole , Mount Buangor , Ararat Hills Regional Park and the Pyrenees Ranges .
In the final informal poll on 2 October , Ban received fourteen favorable votes and one abstention -LRB- `` no opinion '' -RRB- from the fifteen members of the Security Council .
Pikachu evolves into Raichu via the use of a Thunder Stone ; however , it is somewhat common for trainers to choose not to evolve their Pikachu .
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations given by the Minor Planet Center , a part of the IAU .
He had promised to do this earlier when Templeton had to get Wilbur out of some brambles bushes , which also helped make him look like a wild pig .
Rostov Yaroslavsky is the official name of its railway station -LRB- due to its position in Yaroslavl Oblast -RRB- ; the town itself is hardly ever called by that name .
The preparation of matcha starts several weeks before harvest , when the tea bushes are covered to prevent direct sunlight .
The Galactic Halo extends outward , but is limited in size by the orbits of two Milky Way satellites , the Large and the Small Magellanic Clouds , whose perigalacticon is at about 180000 l. At this distance or beyond , the orbits of most halo objects would be disrupted by the Magellanic Clouds , and the objects would likely be ejected from the vicinity of the Milky Way .
On 8 December 2008 , police stopped and held Liu because of his work with Charter 08 .
Dashi is the base for miso soup , Japanese noodle broth , and many Japanese simmering liquids .
Its role in immunity is complex ; it eventually stops the viruses from reproducing by killing the infected cell and its close neighbors .
Same-sex marriage -LRB- also called gay marriage -RRB- is a legally or socially recognized marriage between two persons of the same biological sex or social gender .
The bass guitar is similar in appearance and construction to an electric guitar , but with a longer neck and scale length , and four , five , or six strings .
She also played a role in the foundation of EMILY 's List , the pro-choice fund-raising and support network for Labor women .
The diet of caecilians is not well-known . Mature caecilians seem to feed mostly on insects and other invertebrates found in the habitat of the respective species .
As of December 2010 , Rugrats reruns still air sometimes on Nickelodeon 's main channel as well as Nicktoons .
After passing Guam , it rapidly intensified and reached peak winds of 305 km\/h -LRB- 190 mph -RRB- and a worldwide record low sea-level pressure of 870 mbar -LRB- hPa , 25.69 inHg -RRB- on October 12 .
Cabell `` Cab '' Calloway III -LRB- December 25 , 1907 -- November 18 , 1994 -RRB- was an American jazz musician and actor .
Stems can refer to two things in music , relating to music notation and production .
The Emperors during this time , which spanned the Meiji , TaishÅ , and ShÅ wa eras , are now known in Japan by their posthumous names , which coincide with those era names : Emperor Meiji -LRB- Mutsuhito -RRB- , Emperor TaishÅ -LRB- Yoshihito -RRB- , and Emperor ShÅ wa -LRB- Hirohito -RRB- .
During this period , the Philharmonic became one of the first American orchestras to boast an outdoor symphony series when it began playing low-priced summer concerts at Lewisohn Stadium in upper Manhattan .
In a review of the Volume 2 DVD Release for Book 2 , Gabriel Powers from DVDActive.com described the series as one of the best children 's series in recent times , making comparisons with Samurai Jack and Justice League , and complimented it for its depth and humor .
The Constitution of Romania is the fundamental law that made the structure of the government of Romania .
The county is lower in the east , with the lowest point in the Siret River valley .
It connects the Tasman Sea on the west with the South Pacific Ocean on the east .
The species name antirrhopus means â counter balanceâ , which refers to Ostrom 's idea about the function of the tail .
In it are many universities including Kyoto University , the second oldest national university of Japan .
People studying Greek history use his play as an important source of information .
Evander Holyfield -LRB- born October 19 , 1962 -RRB- is an American boxer .
The path is well marked and guide books are available .
Plastids may contain 60-100 genes whereas cyanobacteria often contain more than 1500 genes .
Headteacher Dianne McKinnon who succeeded Elizabeth Devlin after she retired in July .
The Major Arcana -LRB- Trumps Major , Major Trumps -RRB- are twenty two tarot cards in a deck of 78 .
In 1879 , this company joined with the New England Telephone Company to form the National Bell Telephone Company .
Sometimes Cornish is used in churches .
Jammu and Kashmir consists of three regions : Jammu , the Kashmir valley and Ladakh .
The computers on a home network can be arranged in a circle but it does not necessarily mean that it represents a ring network .
Kazarsky was the captain of brig Mercury and became famous after the victory in the battle against two Turkish ships of the line .
Each listn may be preceded by a corresponding groupn parameter , if provided -LRB- see below -RRB- .
The most prominent natural features in and around Chattanooga are the Tennessee River and the surrounding highlands .
An analog multiplexer is a special type of analog switch that connects one signal selected from several inputs to a single output .
Owasso is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma , and a northern suburb of Tulsa .
Vice Mayor Antonio Villegas took over and continued Lacson 's plan .
The species is also known as the Common Hippopotamus or the Nile Hippopotamus .
It was first proposed by poet and newspaper editor Panagiotis Soutsos in his poem `` Dialogue of the Dead '' , published in 1833 .
The members of this sect , like the Mandaeans , wore white and performed baptisms .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- bromide is prepared by the oxidation of elemental mercury with elemental bromine or by adding sodium bromide to a solution of mercury -LRB- I -RRB- nitrate . It decomposes to mercury -LRB- II -RRB- bromide and elemental mercury -LRB- when ? -RRB- .
Cape Town Stadium is a sports stadium in Cape Town , South Africa .
The plague epidemics ravaged Moscow in 1570 â `` 1571 , 1592 and 1654 â `` 1656 .
It should be left blank for templates where is set to , as it has no effect because indefinite protection templates clearly do not need expiry dates to be specified .
The descendants of John I ruled the Isle of Man until King George III of England assumed the Lordship .
Egypt and Sudan were never formally incorporated into any European colonial empire ; however , after the British occupation of 1882 , Egypt was effectively under British administration until 1922 .
Natural sources of salt used by porcupines include different salt-rich plants -LRB- such as yellow water lily and aquatic liverwort -RRB- , fresh animal bones , outer tree bark and mud in salt-rich soils .
John Michael Hawthorn -LRB- 10 April 1929 - 22 January 1959 -RRB- was a racing driver , born in Mexborough , Yorkshire , England , and educated at Ardingly College , West Sussex .
The island has an airfield that has been out of use for several years .
In 1947 Blakey recorded with an octet called the Jazz Messengers .
The main religions are Catholicism and Protestantism .
During the search for an actress to play Scarlett O'Hara in Gone with the Wind , Bennett was given a screen test and impressed producer David O. Selznick to such an extent , she was one of the final four actresses along with Jean Arthur , Vivien Leigh and Paulette Goddard .
Gophers can collect large hoards .
NET Messenger Service , ' while Windows Live Messenger is the name of the main program used to access the service .
Tatiana was killed by a shot to her head .
In 2005 , Chancellor Angela Merkel offered him the position of Secretary General of the CDU , but McAllister declined , arguing he did not want to rise too far too fast .
\* # Bengali + anything else -LRB- ? !
A louse 's egg is commonly called a nit .
Gimnasia won both meetings against the Uruguayan teams : 5 â `` 2 against Nacional and 1 â `` 0 against PeÃ arol .
Rudd is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Vendrennes is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
She has written a large number of autobiographical works , many dealing with her spiritual beliefs as well as her Hollywood career .
Farmers plowed and planted seeds in the fields , which were irrigated with ditches and canals .
The 2007 Pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation .
It also spawned another Top 10 hit single with the release of `` Smokers Outside the Hospital Doors '' .
In 1964 , the initial `` naye '' was dropped .
Fabiano Eller -LRB- born 19 November 1977 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
The next stop southbound on the Bakerloo Line is Kenton .
Midland was originally founded as the midway point between Fort Worth and El Paso on the Texas and Pacific Railroad in 1881 .
Idomeneo orders his son to escort Electra to her home , Argos .
In this episode , Bart cuts the head off of the statue in the center of town to impress Jimbo Jones , Kearney Zzyzwicz , and Dolphin `` Dolph '' Starbeam , three children Bart likes .
He was also part of the tennis team .
Income also increased substantially with increased post-secondary education .
The quotations above show the importance of the metronome in the 20th century -LRB- `` Most music teachers consider the metronome indispensable , and most professional musicians , in fact , continue to practice with a metronome throughout their careers '' -RRB- .
Nevin closed nine of the company 's seventeen manufacturing plants .
Many believe golden ginger ale is a form of ginger beer brought into North America by migrants from Eastern Europe , where it had been known for centuries . Golden ginger ale , like ginger beer , is mainly consumed as a soda type drink in its own right .
After Indian military intervention , Razvi was placed under house arrest and tried under Indian laws on seditious activities and inciting communal violence .
Restrictions on smoking were also introduced in the Wehrmacht .
During HÃ ctor DomÃ nguez 's presidency , the abbreviation CGE -LRB- Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima -RRB- at the center of the shield was replaced by GELP -LRB- Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata -RRB- .
700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps -LRB- out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 -RRB- .
Authors such as Anton Chekov and George Bernard Shaw famously blurred the line between comedy and drama .
Johann Sebastian Bach worked from 1717 to 1723 as Kapellmeister for Prince Leopold of Anhalt-C Ã then .
Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Ted and his younger brother Aljuan won thus earning Ted immunity .
The same is true of apartheid in South Africa and of parts of Europe at different time periods ; importantly under Nazi Germany 's Third Reich . The amount and nature of white supremacy 's influence in western culture is a subject of ongoing debate .
He was also a translator .
The watch consisted of 834 parts and had 16 complications -LRB- additional functions -RRB- .
The team is seeking an alternative technical deal to assist in the construction of its chassis .
Alfred `` Aki '' Schmidt -LRB- born 5 September 1935 -RRB- is a former German football player and manager .
A scale height is a term often used in scientific contexts for a distance over which a quantity decreases by a factor of e -LRB- the base of natural logarithms -RRB- .
He won the Academy Award for the movie The Devil and Daniel Webster made in 1941 . Herrmann often worked with director Alfred Hitchcock , including Psycho , North by Northwest , The Man Who Knew Too Much , and Vertigo .
At the time , Whitey Wistert `` was working in a factory building Majestic radios . ''
Eraclea Mare is known for its pinewood and the `` Mort Lagoon '' -LRB- Italian : Laguna del Mort -RRB- .
The need for a light rail system in Manchester was born out of a desire to link its two main railway stations , Piccadilly and Victoria .
Under one month later , Emery signed a one year , $ 2M contract with Atlant Mytishchi of the Russian KHL .
This will also connect the mezzanine-level ticket hall with the northern one .
Bin Laden had consistently talked about his belief in the need for violent jihad to make right what he believed are injustices against Muslims perpetrated by the United States and sometimes by other non-Muslim states , the need to eliminate the state of Israel , and the necessity of forcing the US to withdraw from the Middle East .
Gentoo package management is designed to be modular , portable , easy to maintain , flexible , and optimized for the user 's machine .
Section 123 requires that changing the boundaries of a State requires the consent of the Parliament of that State and approval by referendum in that State .
He describes how shells are formed by rotating a closed curve around a fixed axis , the shape of the curve remains fixed but its size grows in a geometric progression .
No appointments have been made since 1947 , the year of Indian independence and the Partition of India .
Neither book has yet been released , allegedly due to a publishing dispute .
She starred as Kelly Taylor in Beverly Hills 90210 and also starred in the show What I Like about You . Garth was born on April 3rd , 1972 near Urbana , Illinois .
Heikki Johannes Kovalainen -LRB- born October 19 , 1981 in Suomussalmi , Finland -RRB- is a Finnish Formula One racing driver who spent the 2008 and 2009 seasons with British based team Vodafone McLaren Mercedes and the 2010 and 2011 seasons with the Lotus Racing team .
Sun Xiang -LRB- ; born January 15 , 1982 in Shanghai -RRB- is a Chinese international football player who currently plays as a defender for Guangzhou Evergrande in China League One and is also the twin brother of fellow international footballer Sun Ji .
It was first seen battling with Maylene in their training .
John Everett Otto -LRB- born March 22 , 1977 in Jacksonville , Florida -RRB- is the drummer and co-founder of the band Limp Bizkit .
Katona won the 1999 U.S. Goldman Environmental Prize , with Yvonne Margarula , in recognition of efforts to protect their country and culture against uranium mining .
Zandhoven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Unlike the naginata , the hands do not change when handling the weapon and the right hand was always the closest to the blade .
Basketball and football are popular in Siena .
The Bill of Rights -LRB- a short title -RRB- is an act of the Parliament of England . Its title is An Act Declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject and Settling the Succession of the Crown .
On March 30 , 2004 they released their Madara mini-album , which reached # 2 on the Oricon Indie Charts .
1.51 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
The three standard balls in most carom billiards games consist of a completely white cue ball , a second cue ball with typically a red or black dot on it -LRB- to aid in differentiation between the two cue balls -RRB- , and a third , red ball .
Five works ascribed to Tacitus have survived -LRB- albeit with some lacunae -RRB- , the largest of which are the Annals and the Histories .
The Audi A3 is a small family car produced by the German automaker Audi since 1996 .
The LCC inherited the powers of its predecessor the MBW , but also had wider authority over matters such as education , city planning and council housing .
FrontPage 98 , FrontPage 2000 , FrontPage 2002 & FrontPage 2003 .
Corbonod is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A hidden sortkey can be put at the start .
Many Bengali , Nepali , Assamese , Biharis and Marwaris also live there .
Today , the Taj Mahal stands as the ultimate monument to love , as well as Mumtaz 's beauty and life .
Cicinho -LRB- born 24 June 1980 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He plays for SÃ # o Paulo .
The town council quickly addressed the building codes and the tents and shanties were replaced by brick , brick veneer , and stone buildings .
Khairpur is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
At one point he lost his gun in a garden at Rose Hill , and was subsequently attacked by natives , leaving him wounded in several places .
Avesnes is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Aetigkofen is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 46,755 people , 16,620 households , and 11,600 families residing in the county .
Mechanical bulls have been around for decades as a training machine for rodeo riders , as they enable a rider to improve their rodeo performance and skills without the risk .
Choreography is the art of making dances , and the person who does this is called a choreographer .
While at Cadet School , early in 1911 , Erwin Rommel met his future wife , 17-year-old Lucia Maria Mollin -LRB- also called Lucie -RRB- -LRB- b. 6 June 1894 in Danzig ; d. 26 September 1971 in Stuttgart -RRB- .
A Philosopher Lecturing on the Orrery , or the full title , A Philosopher giving a Lecture on the Orrery in which a lamp is put in place of the Sun , is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby depicting a lecturer giving a demonstration of an orrery to a small audience .
This refers to how the cables are laid out to connect many computers to one network .
Uncle Daddy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher , first published in 2001 .
This peg was maintained until 1966 , when the rupee was devalued and pegged to the U.S. dollar at a rate of 45 rupees = 1 dollar -LRB- at the time , the rupee became equal to 11.4 British pence -RRB- .
A cupcake -LRB- British English : fairy cake ; Australian English : patty cake or cup cake -RRB- is a small cake designed to serve one person , frequently baked in a small , thin paper or aluminum cup .
Average minimums are 23 Â C and 11 Â C respectively .
Nine people drowned after being caught directly by the flowing waters .
During this period Dufay also began his long association with the Este family in Ferrara , some of the most important musical patrons of the Renaissance , and with which he probably had become acquainted during the days of his association with the Malatesta family ; Rimini and Ferrara are not only geographically close , but the two families were related by marriage , and Dufay composed at least one ballade for NiccolÃ III , Marquis of Ferrara .
The 2006 edition of this event was the second of two ECW pay-per-views produced by WWE , the first being One Night Stand . It was also the first ECW brand pay-per-view since its revival on June 13 , 2006 .
The salts pseudoephedrine hydrochloride and pseudoephedrine sulfate are found in many over-the-counter drugs either as single-ingredient preparations , or more commonly in combination with antihistamines , paracetamol -LRB- acetaminophen -RRB- and\/or ibuprofen .
In 1946 his company , the Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica , moved into movie production .
In a cell , DNA replication begins at specific places in the genome , called origins .
The Philharmonic 's home is Avery Fisher Hall , located in New York 's Lincoln Center .
This page gives experienced users details on the advanced functions of the Book tool .
The center of Corvus is home to a planetary nebula NGC 4361 .
She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2007 and with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau in 2005 .
Young was born in Eastleigh , Hampshire , the third of four children of Edwin Young -LRB- 1878 -- 1936 -RRB- , a builder and contractor , and his wife Gertrude Mary -LRB- nÃ e Brown ; 1880 -- 1945 -RRB- .
Juan Pablo SorÃ n -LRB- born May 5 , 1976 -RRB- is a former Argentine footballer .
When Augustus became the first ruler of the Roman Empire in 27 BC , he decided such a formation was useful not only on the battlefield but in politics also .
In North Croydon the borough mainly borders the London Borough of Bromley to the east as well as the London Boroughs of Southwark and Lambeth to the north .
The studios were then known as EMI Studios until EMI formally changed their name to Abbey Road Studios in 1970 .
SMAP is a Japanese boy band .
The table below lists units supported by this template .
The mayors of the city after its organization have been James Boyle , C. A. Eidemiller , A. S. Orbison , Eli Teed and Samuel McConnell .
The Julian calendar is a calendar that was invented by Julius Caesar , the leader of Ancient Rome . It is a reform of the Roman calendar .
Nordic countries have some political co-operation , like the Nordic council .
Tuscany was annexed by Piedmont-Sardinia , on 22 March 1860 .
Five new unusual moons discovered between 2002 and 2003 were announced in 2004 .
The Punjabi people -LRB- -LRB- Shahmukhi -RRB- , à à à à 3\/4 à à -LRB- Gurmukhi -RRB- , Hindi : à à à à 3\/4 à à -LRB- Devanagari -RRB- -RRB- , also Panjabi people , are an Indo-Aryan linguistic group from South Asia . They are the second largest ethnic group , out of the many different ethnic groups in South Asia .
Her mother was Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont .
The Dumbbell Nebula -LRB- sometimes called Messier 27 , M 27 , or NGC 6853 -RRB- is a planetary nebula in the constellation Vulpecula . It is about 1,360 light years away from earth .
Autofellatio is an act of masturbation where a man sucks and licks his own penis .
MÃ rk 's passionate interest in chamber music led to the foundation of the International Chamber Music Festival of Stavanger .
This is the favored scientific hypothesis for the formation of the Moon .
The Cooper Tire site remains a major employer in central Melksham .
If the king can not do this , it is in checkmate , and that side loses the game .
Based on structure and material used , dams are classified as timber dams , arch-gravity dams , embankment dams or masonry dams , with several subtypes .
In the 19th century the agnostic Robert G. Ingersoll wrote '' ... that all the ignorant , infamous , heartless , hideous things recorded in the ` inspired ' Pentateuch are not the words of God , but simply ` Some Mistakes of Moses ' '' .
He made his main-roster debut on the April 16 , 2007 edition of WWE Raw in Milan , Italy , as a planted fan named Santino Marella claiming to be from Calabria , Italy .
In this sense , puntuLLI promotes a Leonese language and cultural domain .
Ivan Mariz -LRB- born 16 January , 1910 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Helsinki has Finland 's largest fairgrounds .
While it is true that only Mersenne numbers M ` p , where p = 2 , 3 , 5 , â could be prime , often M ' p is not prime even for a prime exponent p. The smallest counterexample is the Mersenne number
The game was made by SCEI 's International Production Studio 1 , the same videogame makers that made the game Ico .
Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Population of the Jhelum city -LRB- proper -RRB- is about 172,073 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and it is the 35th largest city of Pakistan with respect to population .
Yuki Matsushita -LRB- born 7 December 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
When bred , it produces normal eggs , which hatch into Phione , but Phione does not evolve into Manaphy .
Bestselling American novelist Dean Koontz was born in Everett .
Grey was very taken by the music and immediately sent a telegram to Bracken congratulating him .
You , Me and Dupree is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo , written by Mike LeSieur , and produced by Mary Parent , Scott Stuber , and Owen Wilson .
The term Needham-Schroeder protocol can refer to one of two communication protocols intended for use over an insecure network , both protocols designed by Roger Needham and Michael Schroeder .
Sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas -LRB- glabrous skin -RRB- of eyelids , nose , penis , labia minora and nipples .
smallimageright No parameter = If no smallimageright parameter is given then this template falls back to use the imageright parameter .
Nesomyidae is a family of African rodents in the large and complicated superfamily Muroidea .
Wetherby is also close to York and Harrogate .
The first walls were built to help the Roman fort in 79 , although these were replaced by stronger stone walls between the 1st and 3rd century .
These Games were hosted at the Panathenaic stadium in Athens . The games attracted an international field of participants , and generated great public interest .
In the aftermath of 1968 , the French government created a new experimental university , Paris VIII , at Vincennes and appointed Foucault the first head of its philosophy department in December of that year .
Green Day has sold over 65 million records worldwide , 22 million of them in the United States alone .
Additionally , since only one cable is used , so if that network cable breaks the entire network will be down .
In this list only , an asterisk -LRB- \* -RRB- indicates stations at which trains are not normally scheduled to stop , and exist primarily for heritage purposes .
The top icons are a hack .
It is directed by Eric Darnell and written by Etan Cohen .
At the nearby Boneyard , children enjoy a multi-leveled playground area complete with a mammoth fossil to be uncovered .
In 2010 the IWA 's director , John Osmond was asked by the Older People 's Commissioner to carry out a study exploring Welsh policy responses to our rapidly ageing society , in particular the Welsh Governmentâ s policy which has been developing in a number of innovative ways since 2003 .
The work of Osamu Tezuka drew particular attention : he has been called a `` legend '' and the `` god of manga '' .
Harriet Beecher Stowe -LRB- June 14 , 1811 â `` July 1 , 1896 -RRB- was an American abolitionist and writer .
Washington also infiltrated men into New York in an attempt to kidnap Arnold ; this plan , which very nearly succeeded , failed when Arnold changed living quarters prior to sailing for Virginia in December .
Sola scriptura was a principle of the Protestant Reformation of the reformer Martin Luther and is a principle of Protestants today -LRB- see Five solas -RRB- .
The end result was a very poor edition with only one verse , which was thrown out by the Advertiser .
The 1st Infantry Division moved from Augsburg in 1972 until 1991 .
The desired output of a system is called the reference .
This means our understanding of the Cambrian biota surpasses that of many later periods .
The motto Aureum Seculum Redivivum recalled this Novus Ordo Seclorum in the Great Seal of the United States , motto also of the Bavarian Illuminati heirs of the 17th century Rosicrucianism .
The veal dish is known in Italian as Cotolette alla Bolognese .
This new building was the landmark Domed Reading Room , which opened in 1913 and was designed by Norman G. Peebles .
This , in addition to the seizure of his Frascati property by the French , caused him to descend into poverty .
Nevertheless , Galileo believed in the Copernican theory .
Although today 's ketchup is tomato based , it did not appear until about a century after other types .
JuvignÃ is a commune of 1 340 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
If it is caused by wind , it is known as krummholz formation , from the German for ` twisted wood ' .
Rachel was surprised to see that after six months , Leah 's sign language vocabulary had more words the vocabulary of hearing children her same age .
Yoder , A. , M. Burns , S. Zehr , T. Delefosse , G. Veron , S. Goodman , J. Flynn .
Its per capita personal income for 2007 was US$ 33,991 , 34th in the nation .
Eisenstein felt the `` collision '' of shots could be used to control the feelings of the audience and create film metaphors .
Throughout the game , the puppies have to rescue their siblings , fend off Cruella 's henchmen , and Cruella herself several times , while navigating through all kinds of terrain , leading up to a final battle at Cruella 's toy factory , during which Cruella -LRB- and her `` Dot Com Darling , '' Dr. Farzboom -RRB- are encased in Farzboom 's own creation , `` supergloop . ''
In 2005 , Warren and Marshall were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine .
Boston manager Art Ross predicted that Thompson , now 35 , would play for the Red Wings for at least another five seasons ; however , Thompson remained with the team for only two seasons before retiring from playing .
Bismuth has been known since ancient times , so no one person is credited with its discovery .
In English , Hato Mayor del Rey means the the largest cattle ranch of the King .
jpg thumb -LRB- 300x391 -RRB- px right Loni Anderson -RRB- -RRB- Loni Anderson is an American actress best known for playing Jennifer Marlowe in the sitcom WKRP in Cincinnati .
IpiaÃ is a city in Bahia , Brazil .
The other was a singles match from the ECW brand , in which Kane defeated ECW Champion Chavo Guerrero to win the ECW title .
Certara is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
O'Connor is currently in pre-production -LRB- 2008 -RRB- on her second ROC Pictures LLC film which she wrote , will produce and direct .
The Rice Riots of 1918 were a series of popular disturbances that erupted throughout Japan from July to September 1918 , which brought about the collapse of the Terauchi Masatake administration .
Patrick George Troughton -LRB- 25 March 1920 â `` 28 March 1987 -RRB- was an English actor most widely known in his role as the second incarnation of the Doctor in the long running British science-fiction television series Doctor Who , which he played from 1966 to 1969 , reappearing in 1973 , 1983 and 1985 .
This template does not verify any positions or chart appearances .
Two-thirds of the town of Bayreuth was destroyed by Allied bombing in the final days of World War II , though the theater itself was undamaged .
Meanwhile , the Payyan dynasty started administrating the Swamithoppe pathi , while other Pathis came under the administration of the followers of Ayya .
North Carolina Highway 12 -LRB- NC 12 -RRB- is a road in the U.S. state of North Carolina . It runs along the state 's northeastern coast .
Since it currently is not officially either , its holding these records is also unofficial .
In 2001 , Fey and the writing staff won a Writers Guild of America Award for SNLs 25th anniversary special .
In addition to designing and granting new arms , the College fields many requests from people attempting to demonstrate descent from an armigerous -LRB- arms-bearing -RRB- person ; a person descended in the male line -LRB- or through heraldic heiresses -RRB- from such an ancestor may be reissued that ancestor 's arms -LRB- with differencing marks if necessary to distinguish from senior-line cousins -RRB- .
Area one1 is designed to ensure African-American representation on the council .
Adam David Vernon Foote -LRB- born July 10 , 1971 in Whitby , Ontario -RRB- is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey defenceman that played 20 seasons in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- most notably with the Quebec Nordiques\/Colorado Avalanche orginazations .
We encourage readers to help us fix these problems .
Ryan reveals a truth that he has pieced together .
Brett Skinner -LRB- born June 28 , 1983 in Brandon , Manitoba -RRB- is a professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing in the Russian Kontinental Hockey League with Amur Khabarovsk .
The trial was held on 19 August 1612 before Sir Edward Bromley , a judge seeking promotion to a circuit nearer London , and who may therefore have been keen to impress King James , the head of the judiciary .
Sun Yat-sen -LRB- ; 12 November 1866 -- 12 March 1925 -RRB- was a Chinese doctor , revolutionary and political leader .
Controversies aside , the closest depiction generally accepted by most historians is the portrait currently in the National Palace Museum in Taipei , Taiwan -LRB- see picture above -RRB- .
The Academy uses a building now known as the Stockholm Stock Exchange Building .
When he died , that pharaoh became Osiris , the god of the dead and the father of Horus .
No rings have been seen in images , which puts a very low limit at least on tiny dust-sized particles .
Luca Bucci -LRB- born March 13 , 1969 in Bologna -RRB- is a retired Italian football goalkeeper .
The third match was between John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield and Chris Benoit for the WWE United States Championship .
Edward Michael ` Ed ' Balls -LRB- born February 25 , 1967 in Norwich , England -RRB- is a British politician and the shadow Home Secretary in Ed Miliband 's shadow cabinet . He is the Labor Party and Co-operative Party Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for the constituency of Morley and Outwood in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .
After Darwin 's Fertilisation of Orchids -LRB- 1862 -RRB- he spent years of work on orchids , sending observations to his brother Hermann and to Darwin .
Chest pain can be caused by ischemia -LRB- a lack of blood and oxygen -RRB- of the heart muscle ; this is called angina pectoris .
She has influenced such writers as Neil Gaiman , Stephen King , Nigel Kneale and Richard Matheson .
More recently , a 29-year-old man in Coos Bay , Oregon , who had been drinking heavily , swallowed a rough-skin newt for a dare ; he died later that day despite hospital treatment .
Highwood is located at .
Before colonization , the Lenape Indians lived in the area that is now known today as Manhattan .
The series was ratified by the FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de l'Automobile -LRB- FIA -RRB- and races were held in the traditional Formula One off-season , the northern hemisphere winter .
Russian language Diploma from the Faculty Patrice Lumumba , Moscow Postgraduate Diploma in Political sciences from the FacultÃ des droits et des sciences politiques of Tunis .
At Ulong , everyone was upset about Ibrehem being voted by Koror for Immunity last Tribal Council .
Most of the foreign fans are from Germany and Austria . The Hungaroring has traditionally seen a large number of Finnish fans as well .
This DVD release is the first version of the film in the United States to include both Japanese and English language tracks , as Fox did not have the rights to the Japanese audio track for their version .
This is actually a polka version of Queen 's `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' , but is counted as a polka medley .
The Commonwealth Constitution also provides that the States can agree to refer any of their powers to the Commonwealth .
Johann Vogel -LRB- born 8 March 1977 -RRB- is a former Swiss football player .
East Africa is the most eastern region of the African continent .
Java is an island of Indonesia .
The inhabitants took their collections of ` souvenirs ' with them .
The two-volume index has 2,350 pages , listing the 228,274 topics covered in the Britannica , together with 474,675 subentries under those topics .
Pulitzer , although he did not have Hearst 's resources , kept the story on his front page .
The Polisario Front has won formal recognition for SADR from 81 states , and was extended membership in the African Union , while Morocco has won recognition or support for its position from several African governments and from most of the Arab League .
When the term education is combined with entertainment , it is called `` edutainment '' .
The narrator is taking care of an old man with a clouded , vulture-like eye .
Eight episodes were directed by Dave Filoni .
Hugo FernÃ ndez -LRB- born 2 February 1945 -RRB- is a former Uruguayan football manager .
The eight match was the encounter of Victoria and Molly Holly for the WWE Women 's Championship , where Holly would have to be shaved bald if she lost .
In the subsequent general election in February 1982 , Fine Gael lost only two seats and were out of power .
After their 25-year sleep , Gabrielle finds out that her stories had been read as far away as North Africa where they were popular among nomad tribes .
Waukegan has one sister city in Japan . :
Oswaldo Enrique LÃ pez Arellano -LRB- 30 June 1921 -- 16 May 2010 -RRB- was a two time President of Honduras , first from 1963 to 1971 and again from 1972 to 1975 .
With a population -LRB- according to the census of 2006 -RRB- of 439 -- an increase since 2002 of 32.2 % -- Straffan is the 31st most populous center in County Kildare .
He is also known for his acting in Christopher Nolan 's films Batman Begins and Inception .
Track officials revised the 130R , redesigning it as a double-apex section , one with an 85 m radius , and then a second featuring a 340 m radius , leading to a much closer Casio Triangle -LRB- chicane -RRB- , with the chicane becoming a `` bus stop '' type for motorcycles .
Some nature writers believe wilderness areas are vital for the human spirit and creativity .
Rye House railway station is in the Rye House area of Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire , England .
The Roman toilets were probably elevated to raise them above open sewers , rather than for sitting . Squat toilets are still used by the majority of the world 's population .
This included the governors of six of the 24 Union states . They were Andrew Gregg Curtin of Pennsylvania , Augustus Bradford of Maryland , Oliver P. Morton of Indiana , Horatio Seymour of New York , Joel Parker of New Jersey , and David Tod of Ohio .
His parents were William Prescott , Jr. , a lawyer , and his wife , nÃ e Catherine Greene Hickling .
His water-related abilities tend to be stronger in sea water than in fresh water .
This is useful for creating space for new operating systems -LRB- works with Vista System & Data partitions -RRB- , reorganizing disk usage , copying data residing on hard disks and mirroring one partition with another -LRB- disk imaging -RRB- .
The cathedral was extended with an eastern end in the 1960s , commemorated by Benjamin Britten 's Fanfare for St Edmundsbury , and a new Gothic revival cathedral tower was built as part of a millennium project running from 2000 to 2005 .
In fast food chains , ketchup is often put in small packets that hold ketchup inside .
Close to 5,000 species of mollusc have been recorded on the reef , including the giant clam and various nudibranchs and cone snails .
The guitar solo was played by Paul McCartney .
Initially he was a bad guy and Naruto 's rival . After a while the two develop a bond as kindred spirits and become close friends .
It has a central park and many historic buildings , including old houses near the railway station on Sloane Street . It also has two 19th-century cathedrals .
The Alps are just a part of a larger orogenic belt of mountain chains , called the Alpide belt . It reaches through southern Europe and Asia from the Atlantic Ocean most of the way to the Himalayas .
It consisted of present-day districts of Mardan and Swabi .
Along the whole Texas shore , hurricane warnings were given , and people were moved out of their homes in low-lying areas .
The Battle of Tannenberg was an engagement between the Russian Empire and the German Empire in the first days of World War I. It was fought by the Russian First and Second Armies against the German Eighth Army between 23 August and 30 August 1914 .
The plantain leaves often add an aroma to the dish .
Matthew Chee Hung Tong or Matt Tong , plays the drums for the rock band Bloc Party .
He was just 33 years old when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering that bacteria can mate and exchange genes .
The 1,338 m Fenghuoshan tunnel is the highest rail tunnel in the world at 4,905 m above sea level .
The template finds out what to link from the page 's name .
The controversial barcode designed was recently removed by Ferrari for the start of the Spanish Grand Prix in the 2010 season but the barcode remains on drivers team gear .
British historian Perry Anderson 's history of the term and its understanding , ` The Origins of Postmodernity ' , explains these apparent contradictions , and demonstrates the importance of `` Postmodernism '' as a category and a phenomenon in the analysis of contemporary culture .
The library filled its stacks with new works in mathematics , astronomy , physics , natural history and other subjects .
The White House Chief of Staff is the highest ranking member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States and a senior aide to the President .
Vegetables and fruits were grown in garden plots , close to habitations and on higher ground , and had to be watered by hand .
The conditions of the Pact contributed greatly to the succeeding and final two partitions of Poland .
He was President of Germany from 1984 to 1994 .
Eleven students graduated in the first commencement in 1845 .
That Man that shall snap his Arms , or smoke Tobacco in the Hold , without a Cap to his Pipe , or carry a Candle lighted without a Lanthorn , shall suffer the same Punishment as in the former Article .
In September 2006 , Manchester City received planning permission to build an 85 m wind turbine at the stadium .
Giovanni da Verrazzano -LRB- 1485 â `` 1528 -RRB- was an Italian explorer of North America , in the service of the French crown .
The Epping Ongar Railway is a preserved railway . It runs along the last section of the old Great Eastern Railway and London Underground Central line branch line .
This process , called transduction , explained how bacteria of different species could gain resistance to the same antibiotic quickly .
The music of these L.A. scenesters , though still evolving , ca n't hope to match the Beatles ' level of eclectic experimentation or melodicism . ''
Brewton is a city in Escambia County , Alabama , United States .
For several centuries , it has linked the eastern and western regions of the Indian subcontinent , running from Bangladesh , across north India , into Peshawar in Pakistan up to Kabul , Afghanistan .
The M5 motorway passes by the west side of the town . The M42 motorway starts at the north of the town .
Most Japanese myths , as generally known today , are based on the Kojiki , Nihonshoki and some other books .
Published after her death , they became known as ` The Last Sitting ' .
In some place private firms do this job instead , but it can be a big source of money for the trusts .
Advance Australia Fair is the official national anthem of Australia .
Nowadays the descendants of the family are living in the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
He continually rebukes Ahab for being so disobeying to the LORD , and when Ahab summoned all the prophets of Baal against Elijah at Mount Carmel , and set two altars for them , Elijah won by calling on God and letting fire come and burn the sacrifice , and the prophets of Baal were immediately killed by the Israelites .
The fortified town -LRB- bastide -RRB- was built in 1222 by the Count of Toulouse . It is now a popular tourist spot .
The Super Mario Bros. film version of the Goomba has received negative reception .
In 2007 , Manning proposed to Abby McGrew of Nashville , Tennessee .
AudioFile Magazine praised the audiobook , saying both adults and children will be `` spellbound '' when they listen to `` this deeply imaginative tale unfold . ''
Osceola is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
People started talking about the working class after industrialization in the early 19th century . Karl Marx wrote about the working class .
Two other ships , several buoys , and several oil platforms also recorded tropical storm-force winds .
These selected parameters can be used to form a completely functional Infobox .
At the same time , he began to re-qualify as a fighter pilot .
His writings about the effects of racial segregation were used as evidence in the landmark Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education , and part of his 1966 book A Sign for Cain dealt with the involvement of medical professionals in the Holocaust .
No sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel however .
Nunam Iqua is a city in Alaska .
The Monsterican Dream is a 2004 album by Lordi .
There are a number of different types of substitution cipher .
The town was located on a big piece of land between the Klokotnitsa , Harmanliyska , and Maritsa rivers .
e Frank Williams Racing Cars includes Politoys , Iso Marlboro -LRB- - -RRB- and Wolf-Williams cars .
Other than ` Há '' `` ChÃ Minh ' , his most famous name was probably Nguyá '' n Ã i Quá '' ` c meaning ` Nguyá ''
Lee then brought a motion to have Nair 's counterclaim thrown out of court .
Block ciphers must be used in ciphertext stealing or residual block termination mode to avoid padding , while stream ciphers eliminate this issue by naturally operating on the smallest unit that can be transmitted -LRB- usually bytes -RRB- .
Cooper 's solo career began with the 1975 album Welcome to My Nightmare .
Jones started his rap music career in 2001 with his album , titled Round One : The Album and the debut single , `` You all Must 've Forgot '' .
It is the similar to the International Standard Book Number -LRB- ISBN -RRB- for books . It is serially assigned but takes its name from the library science use of serial to mean a periodical , like a newspaper .
Fontaine-l Ã s-Clercs is a commune .
Originally it was the length of the furrow in one acre of a ploughed field .
The Å koda Fabia is a supermini produced by Czech manufacturer Å koda Auto since 1999 .
The legend is linked to an idea in the Book of Revelation -LRB- 3:12 and 21:2 -RRB- describing a Second Coming , wherein Jesus establishes a new Jerusalem .
He is the current DTM champion , and made his Formula One debut in 2011 with the Force India F1 Team .
After a six month absence , on March 3 , 2008 , WWE removed the championship from the active championship web page , where originally the title was listed as `` vacant . ''
He argues , `` Scandinavia comes out on top according to the HDI because the HDI is basically a measure of how Scandinavian your country is . ''
Lynch was cast as Luna at the age of 14 , having acted only in school plays before .
It was named in October 2002 after Isonoe , one of the Danaides in Greek mythology , and a lover of Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- .
The diamond reappears in five other films in the series -LRB- The Return of the Pink Panther , Trail of the Pink Panther and Curse of the Pink Panther .
ItajaÃ is located in the Lower Valley of Itajai , the coast , surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean .
Meeting the U.S. President at the White House Oval Office a day later , President Barack Obama introduced him as : '' ... one of the legendary figures of Asia in the 20th and 21st centuries .
He is also one of the four main characters in the series with Eric Cartman , Kenny McCormick , and Kyle Broflovski .
The Monarch is more orange , has heavier black-lined veins , and the underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color .
On lap 13 , Prost took Piquet for fourth and later Mansell went to the grass , allowing Prost to take third .
Several units work annexed to the terminals of public transport in Curitiba .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Loretta Lynn . jpg thumb -LRB- 398x599 -RRB- px right Loretta Lynn -RRB- -RRB- Loretta Lynn is an American country music singer and songwriter born in Kentucky .
States are also limited in their making public of weapons information by non-proliferation agreements .
The rocks of the surrounding area are predominantly volcanic .
The EZ-Link card was introduced on 13 April 2002 as a replacement to the original TransitLink farecard while its competitor the NETS FlashPay card entered the smart card market on 9 October 2009 .
In the end , Ibrehem and Stephenie changed their votes to Angie and she was voted out unanimously .
Significant and benevolent or charitable impact on the art and industry of animation .
Using the extension it is currently impossible to create a collection of content from multiple different wikis .
To the north lie the cantons of Valais and Uri , to the northeast the canton of GraubÃ 1\/4 nden .
In a 2004 book , World War II , the historians Wilmott , Cross & Messenger say that more than 70 U.S. ships were `` sunk or damaged beyond repair '' by kamikazes .
Its county seat is Madill .
In the marine environment this has only been well-documented in certain small ostracod crustaceans , but may be quite common .
It is named after a tribe of Indians , the Maubila tribe .
He played for the Brazil national football team at the 1930 FIFA World Cup finals .
The British Rail Class 333 electric multiple units were built by Siemens and are based on the Class 332 trains operated by Heathrow Express .
Since Macduff is in exile in England , Macbeth assumes that he is safe ; so he puts to death everyone in Macduff 's castle , including Macduff 's wife and their young children .
Dufay wrote in most of the common forms of the day , including masses , motets , Magnificats , hymns , simple chant settings in fauxbourdon , and antiphons within the area of sacred music , and rondeaux , ballades , virelais and a few other chanson types within the realm of secular music .
Ziebach County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota .
As part of the Raw vs. SmackDown !
Tomoyuki Yoshino -LRB- born 9 July 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
It is located in the wider Temple area of London , near the Royal Courts of Justice , and within the City of London .
Over the past 200 years , countries with Black or African populations have generally not had the same improvements in mortality rates that have been enjoyed by populations of European origin .
This has included criticism for including proprietary software , with GNU founder Richard Stallman commenting : `` No other GNU\/Linux distribution has backslided so far away from freedom .
The Screen Actors Guild -LRB- SAG -RRB- is an American labor union representing over 200,000 film and television principal performers and background performers worldwide .
A Fresnel lens is an optical lens , which was originally developed for Lighthouses . It is named after its inventor , French physicist Augustin-Jean Fresnel .
The Christian Identity movement , which is regarded by other branches of Christianity as heretical , is closely tied to white supremacy .
The Prime Minister of Pakistan -LRB- Wazir-e - Azam meaning `` Grand Minister '' -RRB- , is the Head of Government of Pakistan .
The Hassan Bek Mosque , , also known as the Hasan Bey Mosque , is considered to be one of the most well-known mosques . It is found in Jaffa , which is now part of the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality , in Israel .
Should the temperature reach 108 Â , their insides begin to break down , possibly leading to serious health issues or even death .
The tokkÅ tai pilot 's manual told pilots to never close their eyes .
Verviers is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
At first , he was responsible for all military affairs .
Kenjiro Ezoe -LRB- born 25 August 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The engines were named after local rivers : Yeo , Exe , and Taw .
The definition of an essay is vague .
Many languages of India have borrowed the word ` maharaja ' , there languages include Punjabi , Bengali , Hindi and Gujrati .
Lake Huron borders the Canadian province of Ontario and the American state of Michigan .
In 1976 , the village of Jobra and other villages surrounding the University of Chittagong became the first areas eligible for service from Grameen Bank .
The only time the circuit is run on a reverse direction is during the D1 Grand Prix round as Keiichi Tsuchiya felt the new layout meant reduced entry speed , making it less suitable for drifting .
The next year she won her first major tournament , the 2007 European Allround Speed Skating Championships in Collalbo , with an outdoor world record samalog score 162.954 points .
In March 2006 , Frost flew to South Africa to part-fund an orphanage for the Homes of Hope project .
The 2006 Hengchun earthquake happened on Tuesday December 26 , 2006 at 12:25 UTC -LRB- 20:25 local time -RRB- near Taiwan . On the surface the center of the earthquake was about 22.8 km west southwest of Hengchun , Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Dompig indicated pressure from Holloway 's family caused them to stop their surveillance prematurely and to detain the three suspects .
During her journeys with Tegan and Adric aboard the TARDIS , Nyssa finds herself trapped in a mathematical equation by the Master â `` whom she hates as he is , of course , now using `` that face '' -LRB- her father 's -RRB- .
In some areas of the world , the song 's lyrics have kept it from reaching the Top 40 or even being released at all .
Though convection remained focused near the outer periphery of the system , the overall organized continued to steadily increase , and it is estimated the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Florence on September 5 while located about 1,120 miles -LRB- 1,800 km -RRB- east-northeast of Anguilla .
Early on July 2 , the depression organized into Tropical Storm Alberto . Alberto peaked as a tropical storm with winds of 65 m , and made landfall near Destin , Florida on July 3 .
They are influenced by many genres , including pop , alternative rock , alternative country , and folk .
The chief agricultural product is cut flowers , mostly daffodils .
The city council acts as the legislative part of the city . It passes laws , regulates and appoints citizens to the city 's various boards , including the Auburn City Board of Education .
Altogether in Africa , two million speak Spanish .
There are other meanings of the word `` Orlando '' listed here : Orlando -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- Orlando is a large city in the center of the U.S. state of Florida .
Streamwood is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Parks in the county include Lafayette Blue Springs State Park and Troy Springs State Park , both accessible to the Suwannee River .
Poseidon is not letting Tyson fight , for fear of losing him .
Hwanhee appeared on Korean television drama `` Over the Rainbow '' during summer of 2006 , and Joo released his solo album The Brian in December 2006 .
Pittefaux is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Duracell is a brand of batteries produced by Procter and Gamble and were introduced in 1930 .
The Dutch constitution makes Amsterdam the capital .
Until September 1999 WWF Raw broadcast live every other week to save costs , but ratings and pay-per-view buy-rate increased , allowing them to justify doing a weekly live show .
The specification is often referred to as as the DBTG database model or the CODASYL database model .
It got independence from United Nations trusteeship administration -LRB- administered by the United States of America -RRB- in 1994 . It is one of the world 's youngest and smallest nations .
di was formed when the Deutsche Angestellten Gewerkschaft -LRB- DAG -RRB- -LRB- German Salaried Employees -RRB- merged with four unions of the Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund -LRB- DGB -RRB- -LRB- DPG , HBV , Ã -- TV , IG Medien -RRB- .
In post-storm analysis , the National Hurricane Center said that Delta had probably reached hurricane strength for a very short time during that day ; but the data was not pursading enough to upgrade the storm to hurricane status .
Nainital is a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand and headquarters of Nainital district in the Kumaon foothills of the outer Himalayas .
In September 1943 , the Allies invaded mainland Italy , following the Italian armistice with the Allies .
The two men set off for Alcmene 's house .
It is also designated Uranus VI .
In the various subfields of physics , there exist two common usages of the term flux , both with rigorous mathematical frameworks .
The figures below are for the Taunton Deane area .
The genus includes some important culinary herbs , including Marjoram and Oregano .
The word `` carom '' , which simply means any strike and rebound , came into use in the 1860s and is a shortening of Spanish and Portuguese carambola and French carambole , which was earlier used to describe the red object ball .
Brown had successful heart bypass surgery two days later and made a full recovery , returning to mayoral duties after a few months .
The Ministry of Defense is in charge of political leadership , currently headed by Seyran Ohanian , while military command remains in the hands of the General Staff , headed by the Chief of Staff , who is currently Lieutenant-General Yuri Khatchaturov .
It is often called the `` molecular unit of currency '' of intracellular energy transfer . ATP transports chemical energy within cells for metabolism .
Avenel is a small town in Victoria , Australia .
In this way , the United Kingdom became the union of the kingdoms of England , Ireland and Scotland . Disputes within Ireland over the terms of Irish Home Rule led eventually to the partition of the island in 1921 , with Dominion status for the Irish Free State in 1922 while Northern Ireland remained part of the UK .
Martinique , eastern Cuba , and South Carolina were impacted by a hurricane between September 3 and September 11 .
In 1956 , she married composer Toshi Ichiyanagi .
Angel Road railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield at Edmonton in north east London , and is in Travelcard Zone 4 , on the Tottenham Hale branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
Thus , scientifically speaking , monkeys are paraphyletic -LRB- not a single coherent group -RRB- and Old World monkeys are actually more closely related to the apes than they are to the New World monkeys .
Hamad Al-Montashari -LRB- , Hamad al-Muntashar Ä `` -RRB- -LRB- born June 22 , 1982 -RRB- is a Saudi Arabian footballer for Al-Ittihad .
Discovered on 24 October 1851 by William Lassell , it is named for a sky spirit in Alexander Pope 's The Rape of the Lock and Shakespeare 's The Tempest .
He is listed as the number 25 top DJ in the world by DJ Magazine .
Bernard Patrick Morris -LRB- b. August 21 , 1890 - d. May ?
Aung San Suu Kyi tried to work for democracy and helped make the National League for Democracy on 27 September 1988 .
When he left Oxford , Butterworth became a music critic for The Times as well as composing and teaching at Radley College , Oxfordshire .
This template is designed for ease of use .
The state controlled stage productions , and Plautusâ plays would have been banned , had they been too risquÃ .
As aerodynamic balance became more critical , this overtaking method drastically decreased as the cars were unable to follow each other through the fast final corner due to turbulence created by the leading car .
Energetics is a wide field of study .
Thus people interested in perception have long struggled to explain what visual processing does to create what is actually seen .
Waldemar de Brito -LRB- born 17 May , 1913 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player . He has played for Brazil national team .
Edmund , Lucy and their cousin Eustace enter the world of Narnia through a magic painting , and end up in the ocean .
They revive Simone and he is freed from custody . The film ends with Simone and Viktor holding an interview about their new `` baby '' before a post-credits sequence shows Viktor creating fake footage of Simone in a supermarket , which one of her pursuers sees , believing it real .
A small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl , traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a chashaku , then a modicum of hot -LRB- not boiling , about 80 Â C or 176 Â F -RRB- water is added .
Research by Jennifer A. Clack and her colleagues showed that the earliest tetrapods , such as Acanthostega , were wholly aquatic and quite unsuited to life on land .
There are three other kinds of spiral galaxies .
`` No original research '' -LRB- NOR -RRB- is one of three core content policies , along with Neutral point of view and Verifiability , that jointly determine the type and quality of material acceptable in articles .
On the other hand , saffron is mentioned in ancient Chinese medical texts , including the forty-volume Shennong Bencaojing -LRB- ç è 3\/4 æ è ç `` â '' `` Shennong 's Great Herbal '' , also known as Pen Ts ` ao or Pun Tsao -RRB- pharmacopoeia , a tome dating from 200 â `` 300 BC .
The Pacific Northwest is a region on the west coast of North America .
Gunnar NordstrÃ m -LRB- 12 March 1881 , Helsinki -- 24 December 1923 , Helsinki -RRB- was a Finnish physicist . He is best known for his theory of gravitation , which was a competitor of Albert Einstein 's general relativity .
Victoria Azarenka \/ Maria Kirilenko , 2 â `` 6 , 7 â `` 5 , 6 â `` 1 .
The village is found above Lago di Vogorno in the Verzasca valley .
Vonnegut rented an upstairs apartment located along Alplaus Creek across the street from the Alplaus Volunteer Fire Department , where he was an active Volunteer Fire-Fighter for a few years .
The three placed the extinguished torches of the thirteen eliminated Survivors on the large skull-shaped shelter in the center of the island and burned it in the process .
Next , a virus must take control of the host cell 's replication mechanisms .
Additional subjects sometimes included in the humanities are anthropology , area studies , communications and cultural studies , although these are often regarded as social sciences .
A paddle is a tool used for pushing against liquids , either as a form of propulsion in a boat or for mixing liquids .
He also suggested that the earth originated much earlier than the 4004 BC of Archbishop James Ussher .
All three were created from Izanagi , when he washed his face to clean the dirtiness of Yomi , the underworld .
In 1696 Willem de Vlamingh mistook them for rats and named the island `` Rattenest '' , Dutch for `` rat nest '' .
In 1993 the team again achieved success in the national championship road race in Germany .
Project Athena was a joint project of MIT , Digital Equipment Corporation , and IBM to produce a campus-wide distributed computing environment for educational use .
By the time Henry VIII of England succeeded , the castle was the property of the Crown again .
A baseball bat is a smooth wooden or metal club used in the game of baseball to hit the ball after the ball is thrown by the pitcher .
Andrew Stearn came aboard as a producer and Attie was promoted to producer .
Mulan , Shang and Mushu also send Shan Yu into the storage of fireworks using a cannon .
In the series , the two main characters , Dan and Amy Cahill 's grandmonther , Grace Cahill dies . In her will , she says each person can get one million dollars or search for clues around the world and become super powerful .
: The modern measure-theoretic foundation of probability theory ; the original German version -LRB- Grundbegriffe der Wahrscheinlichkeitrechnung -RRB- appeared in 1933 .
At the end of both wars , Scotland still was a free and independent nation , which was her main aim throughout the conflict .
Haar is a municipality in the district of Munich , in Bavaria , Germany .
In December , 1997 Ignacio Ramonet , editor of Le Monde Diplomatique , renewed the debate around the Tobin tax with an editorial titled `` Disarming the markets '' .
8 Eyes is a 2D action platforming video game developed by Thinking Rabbit for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Bookchin was a radical anti-capitalist and always asked the decentralisation of society .
Myleene Angela Klass -LRB- born 6 April 1978 -RRB- is an English singer , model , occasional actress , pianist , fashion designer , presenter and media personality . She was formerly a member of the now defunct British pop band Hear ` Say .
If any liquid is coming from the eggs , it means the eggs have been overcook or that the add the vegetables were undercooked .
In addition , Scott Steiner was recovering from an injury .
For example , most extinct agnathans belong to the stem group -LRB- ancestral group -RRB- of gnathostomes .
He received widespread recognition and subsequent acclaim after starring in Roman Polanski 's The Pianist -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
OTC drugs are usually also required to have little or no abuse potential , although in some areas drugs such as codeine are available OTC -LRB- usually in strictly limited formulations or requiring paperwork or identification to be submitted during purchase -RRB- . One of the oldest OTC drugs is aspirin .
The channel is labeled as HBO South Asia and often referred to as HBO India since it specifically caters to the Indian market .
Once all cars have successfully returned , the system will then automatically select one or more cars to be used for normal operations and these cars will return to service .
Luis was one of the four tropical cyclones active from August 22 to September 1 along with Humberto , Iris , Jerry , and Karen .
The Battle of Bosworth Field -LRB- or the Battle of Bosworth -RRB- was the penultimate battle of the Wars of the Roses , the civil war between the House of Lancaster and the House of York that raged across England in the latter half of the 15th century .
She said that she then fired at Cooke , in self-defense , because she feared for her life .
The issue is left deliberately ambiguous by the show 's writers .
It also had changes in the cartridge port to allow for the Atari 2600 adapter released that year .
The village also contains a fire station , garage , ambulance depot , police station , primary school , bowling green and an 18 hole golf course .
Predators , like ferrets , and large birds often use such disputes to catch pikas .
Traditionally circular with a fluted exterior , ramekins can also be found in novelty shapes , such as flowers , hearts or stars .
After spending over two months with the Bombers , he was called back up to Rochester , where he currently plays .
As changes to the Bank 's Charter require an 85 % super-majority , the US can block any major change in the Bank 's governing structure .
The United States Department of War , also called the War Office , was the department of the United States government 's executive branch responsible for the operation and maintenance of land -LRB- and later air -RRB- forces from 1789 until September 18 , 1947 , when it became part of the National Military Establishment , renamed on August 10 , 1949 the Department of Defense .
It is very easy to code a small infobox outside , and below , as an extension of a formal template-infobox .
The CHL is divided into two Conferences .
The discovery of the healthy cholesterol-lowering properties has led to wider appreciation of oats as human food .
Roussel was by temperament a classicist .
Alleghany County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Produced by Dave Jerden , the album was released on February 4 , 1997 through Columbia Records -LRB- their former label Epitaph released it in Europe -RRB- .
During the 1860s , though , Sisley was in a better position than some of his fellow artists , for he received an allowance from his father .
After this performance , Dumbo becomes a media sensation , Timothy becomes his manager , and Dumbo and Mrs. Jumbo are given a private car on the circus train .
Spotlights were the only lights running in the house , thus the opening match -LRB- between Lita and Candice Michelle -RRB- was contested in the dark .
Taj Mahal has received two Grammy Awards -LRB- nine nominations -RRB- over his career .
It is the series ' first 3D game .
In 1990 , Sergei Makarov of the Calgary Flames became the oldest player , at age 31 , to win the Calder , even though he had played for the `` unofficially '' professional team HC CSKA Moscow -LRB- the `` Red Army '' team -RRB- in the Soviet Union .
There are 54 provinces in total .
The original Temple of Jupiter was still awaiting restoration when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79 , burying the town of Pompeii under lava and ash .
Once they were in regular contact , fans wanted to meet each other , and they organized local clubs .
Their maximum angular separations from Jupiter are between 2 and 8 minutes of arc , close to the limit of human visual acuity .
It centers around the Mobile Suit observer Robert Spacey and his encounters with the different mobile weapons in the Gundam 00 universe .
Of these , Lord Salisbury , Count de Chaudordy and Baron von Calice were Ambassadors Plenipotentiary to the conference , while Count Ignatyev , Sir Henry Elliot , Count de Bourgoing , Baron von Werther , Count Zichy and Count Corti were the resident Ambassadors of their countries in Constantinople .
Tooting is a suburb in the London Borough of Wandsworth in south London .
When Peyton Randolph died in 1775 , Braxton was appointed to take his place in the Continental Congress .
The GVP assigns a geographic identifier code , the Volcano Number or VNUM , for each Holocene volcano in the world according to a system originally devised by IAVCEI .
When it did , limited resources â '' both monetary and equipment â '' required production controls as big as in the capitalist world .
The following table shows some 2 dimensional projections of these polytopes .
Pakistan has a lot of wealthy cultural and ethnic background going back to Indus Valley Civilization , 2800 BC â `` 1800 BC .
Guayana Esequiba is a territory administered by Guyana but claimed by Venezuela .
His wife and oldest son later replaced Layne in this role .
Shortly after opening the line was extended to Coopersale .
He helped the Rangers win the Stanley Cup that spring .
In June 2007 , a parody of the 2012 Summer Olympics logo sent by `` Sean Stayte '' appeared on the BBC News website under the alternative Olympic Logo entries and was broadcast on their BBC News 24 channel .
Miramas is a commune of 23,800 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
In the Origin Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution , but left a gnomic trailer : `` Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
Decorations -LRB- e.g. , streamers , balloons , and clothing -RRB- are generally colored red , white , and blue , the colors of the American flag .
They went west from Sydney until they reached the Murrumbidgee near the present site of Jugiong and traveled along the river bank as far as the Lachlan River . From there Sturt used a small boat to travel down the river and reached the Murray River on 14 January 14 1830 .
It is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , Ascension and Tristan da Cunha which also includes Ascension Island and the islands of Tristan da Cunha .
At this age , he appeared in several television shows and films .
It 's about a boy named Conan who is born on an island and meets a girl named Lana .
Smart Technologies is a publicly traded company headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , Canada . Founded in 1987 , Smart Technologies is best known as the developer of the Smart Board .
`` All My Loving '' is a song by The Beatles , written by Paul McCartney -LRB- credited to Lennon\/McCartney -RRB- , from the 1963 album With The Beatles .
Kader Abdollah is the pen name of Hossein Sadjadi Ghaemmaghami Farahani -LRB- Persian : Ø Ø Û Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø Û Ù Ø Ø Ù
Momentum is a conserved quantity -LRB- law of conservation of linear momentum -RRB- , meaning that if a closed system is not affected by external forces , its total momentum can not change . Momentum is sometimes referred to as linear momentum to distinguish it from the related subject of angular momentum .
The name dubnium was given to element 105 at the same time .
Pacifism is the opposition to war and\/or violence .
The generic name of Tianyuraptor combines Tianyu , referring to the Shandong Tianyu Museum of Nature where the holotype specimen is stored , with raptor , the Latin word for ` robber ' , referring to the action of grabbing prey , often used in naming dromaeosaurids .
A device called a MÃ bius resistor is an electronic circuit element which has the property of canceling its own inductive reactance .
Some SpongeBob SquarePants DVD volumes contain episodes not yet aired in the United States .
This council is part of the UK and currently known as the Council of the Isles of Scilly .
Fully Loaded was an annual World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWF -RRB- pay-per-view event , which started in July 1998 and was held for a further two years in July . The first edition of Fully Loaded , held in 1998 was an In Your House pay-per-view .
Kenzo Ohashi -LRB- born April 21 , 1934 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Kris Versteeg -LRB- born May 13 , 1986 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently on contract to play for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
San Bernardino is a city in San Bernardino County , California .
The highest point of the region is Whernside , in the Yorkshire Dales , at 737 m. The largest freshwater lake is Hornsea Mere in the East Riding of Yorkshire .
It was mostly ignored by the New York City-based national media , which was more focused on the student shutdown of Columbia University in NYC , led by an inter-racial alliance of Columbia SDS chapter activists and Student Afro Society activists .
This conflict began in 1958 and ended in 1964 , with the forced abandonment of these plans .
Thallium -LRB- III -RRB- hydroxide is a very weak base ; it is changed to thallium -LRB- III -RRB- ion , Tl3 + , only in strongly acid conditions .
The first parameter is the sortkey , the second the wikitext of what has to be displayed .
He came to prominence as the frontman and primary songwriter of Britpop band Blur , and has also helmed such projects as The Good , the Bad & the Queen , Monkey : Journey to the West and Mali Music .
On 26 November 2010 , Ricciardo was confirmed as Toro Rosso 's test and reserve driver for the season . He will take part in the first free practice session of each race weekend .
Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia -LRB- Olga Nikolaevna Romanova -RRB- -LRB- ; , November 16 after 1900 -- July 17 , 1918 -RRB- was the oldest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia , the last sovereign of Imperial Russia , and his wife Alexandra Fyodorovna .
High Rhulain is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2005 .
In 1992 , the Argentine-Israeli conductor Daniel Barenboim was appointed Music Director .
Pontedera is in the Arno valley at the confluence of the Era River and the Arno River .
Beckett PokÃ mon Unofficial Collector editor Sean Cooper stated that Lucario had grown popular in recent years due to his starring role in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew and his appearance in Super Smash Bros. .
With the introduction of the devolution System the talukas have been sub-divided into the Union Councils numbering 49 , Tapas 109 and Dehs 511 .
The British Rail Class 43 diesel-hydraulic locomotives were built by the North British Locomotive Company -LRB- NBL -RRB- from 1960 â `` 1962 .
Tunisian Arabic is closely related to the Maltese language .
A property tax is a tax put on property by reason of its ownership .
This category contains articles about managers of the England national football team .
The situation is explained to Susanna , and she joins the celebration .
This was after Voltaire 's Semiramis .
They had five children together : Virginia Leftwich -LRB- Gigi -RRB- Graham Tchividjian -LRB- b. 1945 -RRB- ; Anne Graham Lotz -LRB- b. 1948 ; runs AnGeL ministries -RRB- ; Ruth Graham -LRB- b. 1950 ; founder and president of Ruth Graham & Friends -RRB- ; Franklin Graham -LRB- b. 1952 ; administers an international relief organization called Samaritan 's Purse and will be his father 's successor at the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association -RRB- ; and Nelson `` Ned '' Graham -LRB- b. 1958 ; a pastor who runs East Gates International , which distributes Christian literature in China -RRB- .
Another species of dromaeosaurid , Microraptor gui , may have been capable of gliding using its well-developed wings on both the fore and hind limbs .
It also introduced support for ActiveX controls , Java applets , inline multimedia , and the PICS system for content metadata .
In addition to reporting important political news stories , it had many special columns and supplements such as ziyou tan -LRB- free discussion -RRB- , automobile , education and life . ''
Nicole joined Star Golden Bell on December 20 , 2008 , hosting a segment called `` Level With Me -LRB- Season 2 -RRB- '' in which the guests have to guess a term or title from her clues ; the challenge comes due to her comparative lack of skill and experience with the Korean language .
They argue about who harmed whom first when they were alive , and accuse one another of not acting quickly enough to possess the children .
La Motte is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Provinces in which the regions capital is located all have an UBIGEO code ending in .
The Grand Dukes full title was Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach , Landgrave in Thuringia , Margrave of MeiÃ en , Princely Count of Henneberg , Lord of Blankenhayn , Neustadt and Tautenburg .
However , Sir Frederic Leighton , President of the Royal Academy , advised against the new order , primarily because of its selection process .
None of the contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
The Captain and the Doctor , passing by , hear Wozzeck moaning and rush off in fright .
Ratings from Chessmetrics support this conclusion , placing him as world # 1 between mid 1912 and mid 1914 .
In the Austrian legislative election 2008 campaign , the Ã -- VP saw the lowering of brokerage commissions and the charges for arrears letters of debt collection agencies and winter fuel payments for lower-income households as appropriate economic recovery measures and the Greens sought to facilitate the changeover to renewable energy in order to reduce energy prices .
In March 1817 he went on a journey with James Meehan , the deputy surveyor-general , and discovered Lake Bathurst and the Goulburn Plains .
Some of the first inhabitants of Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .
Four genera of poxviruses may infect humans : orthopox , parapox , yatapox , molluscipox .
Ha Seok-Ju -LRB- born 20 February 1968 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player .
Carly Rae Patterson -LRB- born February 4 , 1988 in Baton Rouge , Louisiana -RRB- used to be an American gymnast -LRB- the 2004 Olympic All-Around Champion -RRB- .
Although the child 's removal caused enormous tension between Anne and James , Henry remained under the care of Mar 's family until 1603 , when James became King of England and his family moved south .
The free metal burns with a characteristic brilliant white light , making it a useful ingredient in flares .
Using the profits from the sale of his homestead they bought three trading ships and started trading with the West Indies .
She is first cousin to Shimon Peres , current President and former Prime Minister of Israel . Her parents divorced when she was five , and she took her mother 's last name , Bacall .
On 23 June 2009 , the Beijing procuratorate -LRB- a government officer who investigates crimes -RRB- approved Liu Xiaobo 's arrest on charges of `` suspicion of inciting subversion of state power , '' a crime under Article 105 of the Law of the People 's Republic of China .
As a means of recording the passage of time , the 15th century was the century which lasted from 1401 to 1500 .
The residents also had shortages of food and other items due to the blockage of the Karakoram Highway .
The usual symbol is a capital lambda , Î , or Î m.
In the 1970s , Bishara studied at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem . He was the head of the Arab Student Union and was active in the Jewish-Arab student group Campus .
The success of the Guitar Hero and Rock Band franchises widened the console video game market and its demographics , with the popularity of the music game driving increased sales of consoles .
Lopp Lagoon is a tidal lake NE of Cape Prince of Wales -LRB- the western-most tip of the Seward Peninsula -RRB- in the U.S. state of Alaska .
The disk system can acknowledge the write operation as soon as the data is in the cache , not waiting for the data to be physically written .
When lightning is very near , thunder will be heard soon after the lightning flash , and the sound will be very loud . If the lightning is farther away , the thunder will be a few seconds or many seconds after the lightning .
A number of geometers made attempts to prove the parallel postulate by assuming its negation and trying to derive a contradiction , including Proclus , Ibn al-Haytham -LRB- Alhacen -RRB- , Omar KhayyÃ m , Nasir al-Din al-Tusi , Witelo , Gersonides , Alfonso , and later Giovanni Gerolamo Saccheri , John Wallis , Johann Heinrich Lambert , and Legendre .
It was first published in the Russian literary journal The Russian Messenger in twelve monthly installments during 1866 .
Likewise , the trunks of Lepidodendron would have been green , unlike modern trees which have scaly , non-photosynthetic brown or gray bark .
The plaintext is the normal representation of the data before any action has been taken to hide it .
Thermal efficiency is defined as
His group got more loans from other banks and by 1982 , 28,000 people had jobs with Grameen .
The genre or genres of music performed by the act .
Troy University is a public university in Troy , Alabama .
All parameters optional .
Longueval-Barbonval is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Frederick William III -LRB- 3 August 1770 â `` 7 June 1840 -RRB- was king of Prussia from 1797 to 1840 .
They make many different kinds of noises , such as screams , whistles , grunts and bill clapping .
SmÃ land is a historical province -LRB- landskap -RRB- in southern Sweden .
CF is caused by a mutation in the gene cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator -LRB- CFTR -RRB- .
They later said this was intended as a parody of earlier protests , but it was taken seriously at the time .
Perched on the pinnacle of a knight 's stall is his helm , decorated with a mantling and topped by his crest .
List of human infectious diseases arranged by name .
MisÃ rieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Fey narrated a video for Mercy Corps 's Action Center in New York City , describing hunger as a symptom of many wider world problems .
Michael Thomas `` Tom '' Green -LRB- born July 30 , 1971 -RRB- is a Canadian actor , rapper , writer , comedian , talk show host and media personality .
In 1935 , Robinson graduated from Washington Junior High School . He then entered Muir Tech -LRB- now called John Muir High School -RRB- .
The Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw , is one of two Polish institutions having the nature of an academy of sciences .
Gimnasia also won its matches against three of the most important European clubs : a 3-2 victory against Real Madrid -LRB- at Madrid , on January 1 , 1931 , first South American team to ever defeat Real Madrid at Madrid -RRB- , 2-1 against FC Barcelona -LRB- at Barcelona , on January 6 , 1931 -RRB- , and 1-0 against Benfica -LRB- at Lisbon , on March 29 , 1931 -RRB- .
Chapera was able to chose one Mogo Mogo member for their reward .
He studied violin and composition at the Prague Conservatory . AntonÃ n DvoÅ Ã k told him he should be a composer .
Graham Arthur Chapman -LRB- 8 January 1941 â `` 4 October 1989 -RRB- was a British comedian , physician , writer , and actor and one of the six members of the Monty Python comedy troupe .
The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.12 .
If you are improperly blocked for sockpuppetry , you should realize that it may not always be easy or even possible to correct the situation .
Because of strong wind shear , the depression stayed weak and did not strengthen much .
In 2004 he was appointed Finance Spokesman for National and eventually succeeded Don Brash as the National Party leader in 2006 .
490 Veritas is a big asteroid , which may have been involved in one of the more huge asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years .
Each ship had only a few missiles and only a little bit of fuel .
It was founded in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario , by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton and Jim Charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .
Potential predators may be deterred from eating spiny lobsters by a loud screech made by the antennae of the spiny lobsters rubbing against a smooth part of the exoskeleton .
Tchaikovsky probably had some instructions about composing Swan Lake , because he had to know what sort of dances would be needed .
Three days before Katrina 's second and third landfalls , the National Hurricane Center began predicting that the storm would make landfall as a major hurricane .
It was already 9 pm , but he went straight to his piano and in that one sitting composed the tune for what later became the national anthem .
Ko Jong-Soo -LRB- born 30 October 1978 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player .
Mr. Precision then left the band in 2001 . He was replaced by Todd Mohney .
He currently plays as a striker for the German club Borussia Dortmund as well as the Egyptian national team .
On the following day , the legions acclaimed Vitellius , their governor , as emperor .
While he was raised by humans he was not childhood friends with Copper and none of the animals spoke .
Multiple Supreme Court decisions have cited the case as evidence of the Framers ' ideas on free speech .
There are hundreds of unusual , or unexpected quirks or glitches in the way things sort-of-do , sort-of-don ' t work .
They also had many of the advantages of later graphical emoticons because they used character overstriking which created graphical images .
A mud volcano is usually made by mud diapir that breaks out of the surface of the Earth or on the ocean bottom .
Blephilia -LRB- Downy Pagoda Plant or Wood Mint -RRB- is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Democratic-Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
For example Martin and Russel show that physical compartmentation by cell membranes from the environment and self-organization of self-contained redox reactions are the most conserved attributes of living things , and they argue therefore that inorganic matter with such attributes would be life 's most likely last common ancestor .
Many Southern writers , like Simms , soon wrote their own books in opposition to Stowe 's novel -LRB- see the Anti-Tom section below -RRB- .
AtlÃ tico Clube Goianiense , usually known as AtlÃ tico Goianiense or just AtlÃ tico , is a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- team from the city of GoiÃ cents nia , GoiÃ s state .
Modern Austen scholar William Galperin has noted that `` unlike some of Austen 's lay readers , who recognized her divergence -LRB- difference -RRB- from realistic practice as it had been prescribed and defined at the time , Walter Scott may well have been the first to install Austen as the realist par excellence '' .
La Chapelle-aux-Choux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Located 38 miles -LRB- 62 km -RRB- south of London , 10 miles -LRB- 16 km -RRB- north of Brighton and Hove , and 29 miles -LRB- 47 km -RRB- east-northeast of the county town of Chichester , it had a population of 28,803 at the time of the 2001 Census . Other nearby towns include Haywards Heath to the north and Lewes , the county town of East Sussex , to the east .
Hideki Tsukamoto -LRB- born 9 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Syrian Americans are also numerous in Southern California -LRB- i.e. the Los Angeles and San Diego areas -RRB- and Arizona , many are descendants of farm laborers invited with their farm skills to irrigate the deserts in the early 20th century . .
The cell membrane surrounds the protoplasm of a cell and , in animal cells , physically separates the intracellular components from the extracellular environment .
William IV -LRB- William Henry ; 21 August 1765 â `` 20 June 1837 -RRB- was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of Hanover from 26 June 1830 until his death .
During this time he stayed devoted to God , moving back to Quebec to be a priest there .
Several place names on the route have the suffix - cester or - chester , which is from the Latin castra meaning military camp .
The green sea turtles on the Great Barrier Reef have two genetically distinct populations , one in the northern part of the reef and the other in the southern part .
Tsunayoshi died in 1709 . At that time Sorai stopped using the teachings of Zhu Xi and started to develop his own philosophy and school .
In that capacity , he served as a `` sherpa '' -LRB- personal representative -RRB- for Chancellor Helmut Kohl , preparing G7 .
The Yarlung Zangbo Grand Canyon or simply the Tsangpo Canyon or Tsangpo Gorge , along the Yarlung Tsangpo River in Tibet , China , is regarded by some as the deepest canyon in the world , and is slightly longer than the Grand Canyon , making it one of the world 's largest .
One idea is his character Nonsense . She is similar to Pope 's character Dulness in the Dunciad .
In fact , very soon after he got back to Nuremberg , on 7 July 1494 DÃ 1\/4 rer was married to Agnes Frey .
Two prominent murine human commensals have become vital laboratory animals .
On April 24 , 2006 , Linspire announced its own project named `` Freespire '' .
However , the Cascades Volcano Observatory of the United States Geological Survey says that there was no large ash plume , so it could not have been an eruption .
On September 11 , 1646 , Odoardo died .
Although Nora was significantly weakened , near hurricane-force winds were observed at the Dixie National Forest in southwestern Utah , where strong gusts sheared off the tops of large trees .
Cristiano Marques Gomes -LRB- born 3 June 1977 in Guarulhos , SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- or simply Cris , is a Brazilian footballer .
However , they do have several characters in common .
Google 's rise to success was in large part due to a patented algorithm called PageRank that helps rank web pages that match a given search string .
In an 1894 article , Nicolay wrote that Lincoln had brought to Gettysburg the first part of the speech written in ink . Nicolay also said that Lincoln had written the second page in pencil on lined paper before November 19 .
It will involve Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , the creators and producers of the original series .
`` vampire squid from hell '' -RRB- is a small , deep-sea cephalopod . It can be found throughout the temperate and tropical oceans of the world .
Young 's lobby of the 1960 Royal Commission on the Police overcame Home Office objections to a strengthened police inspectorate , although Sir Charles Cunningham blocked Young 's selection as inaugural first Chief Inspector of Constabulary .
; name \* : The name of the template , which is needed for the `` v d e '' -LRB- `` view discuss edit '' -RRB- links to work properly on all pages where the template is used .
Goat Rock Beach is part of the Mexican land grant rancho Bodega .
The Green River Formation contains the largest oil shale deposits in the world .
Oceaninan headquarters was founded in the 1990s in Brisbane , Australia .
AmbÃ rieu-en-Bugey is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
Prost duly won from Berger , Senna , Mansell , the recovering Boutsen and Piquet .
He relied heavily on the larger size of Zinj 's canines .
Renal medullary carcinoma has been termed `` the seventh sickle cell nephropathy '' because it is found almost exclusively in individuals with sickle cell trait or occasionally in those with sickle cell disease .
No other evidence supporting this claim was known to exist .
These bombings resulted in the immediate deaths of around 120,000 people while more died over time due the nuclear radiation .
She also appeared as an infant in Home Alone with her grandmother and had a small cameo along with her father in Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York .
Saint-Andr Ã - d' HÃ bertot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Hollywood location of the Multnomah County library , near where she lived as a child , has created a map on their lobby wall of Henry Huggins ' Klickitat Street neighborhood .
Pharmacovigilance is a type of continual monitoring of unwanted effects and other safety-related aspects of drugs that are already placed in current growing integrating markets .
He was born a few years before the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC : the exact year is unclear , although 497\/6 is the most likely .
The outer layer is called the epicardium , or visceral pericardium since it is also the inner wall of the pericardium .
After this , Britain looked to the newly discovered east coast of Australia to use as a penal colony .
Network Rail is a British `` not for dividend '' entity , technically a private company limited by guarantee , whose principal asset is Network Rail Infrastructure Limited , a company limited by shares .
He came up with one of the modern laws of plant cytology : `` New cell nuclei can only arise from the division of other nuclei . '' and originated the terms cytoplasm and nucleoplasm .
It continued through the islands , affecting Puerto Rico on the 23rd , causing more damage and deaths along its path .
The population was 14,592 at the 2000 census .
A very versatile writer , he also wrote comedies , farces , and pasos .
Dr. Hillery has a pleasant manner .
As a teenager , McIlrath 's friends were interested in snowboarding , so he saved his money for a snowboard .
La Meilleraie-Tillay is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
She especially enjoyed the St. Nicholas Magazine -LRB- which carried her first published stories -RRB- , the works of Beatrix Potter , and the novels of Gene Stratton Porter , and in her teen years , Herman Melville , Joseph Conrad and Robert Louis Stevenson .
Jazz music was played at the funeral according to his wishes , as Rangel was a fan of jazz .
Hiro Yamamoto -LRB- born April 13 , 1961 in Seattle , Washington -RRB- is an American bassist who was a founding member of grunge band Soundgarden , along with Kim Thayil and Chris Cornell in 1984 .
The show takes place on the Pearl Islands , off the coast of Panama , and had a pirate theme .
`` Abortion is no longer a dangerous procedure .
NCIS was originally referred to as Navy NCIS during Season 1 ; however , `` Navy '' was later dropped from the title as it was redundant . NCIS was joined in its seventh season by a spin-off series , NCIS : Los Angeles , starring Chris O'Donnell and LL Cool J.
The name comes from the Tupi-Guaran Ã language and means `` swollen neck '' .
Joshua John Bidwell -LRB- born March 13 , 1976 in Winston , Oregon -RRB- is an American Football punter for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
The estimates vary due to lack of accurate records , the methods used for making estimates , and sometimes the political biases of the estimators .
FranÃ ois Couperin -LRB- born in Paris on 10 November 1668 ; died in Paris , on 12 September 1733 -RRB- was a French composer who lived in the Baroque period .
Because he studies Romantic Literature in college , he went on to enjoy it in life . Today he writes poems for special family events , as well as writing story-poems about the lives of biblical characters .
Sorai was born the second son of a samurai -LRB- a warrior -RRB- who served as the personal physician of Tokugawa Tsunayoshi -LRB- å 3\/4 å ç å -RRB- . Tsunayoshi would become the fifth shogun .
Scriabin saw D major as golden in color and when he talked to Rimsky-Korsakov , he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov 's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold .
This finding was made public on July 7 , 1978 .
It was published by Tor Books on August 15 , 1994 as a hardcover book , meaning the book was made with a hard cover . The paperback book was released on July 15 , 1997 .
The singles `` Violet Hill '' , `` Viva la Vida '' , `` Lost ! ''
Bradford is an unincorporated community in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
What but Thy grace can foil the tempterâ s power ?
While there they discovered that tiny amounts of glutathione inhibited protein synthesis in reticulocytes , and that tiny amounts of RNA killed the synthesis all together .
The university requires a minimum of twelve units to be considered a full-time student , with the maximum being twenty units .
: c First served by Metropolitan line -- District line service added in stages , Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
Sriharikota is a barrier island off the coast of the southern state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Always Coming Home is a book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin in 1985 .
Following Survivor Series 2001 , the title was renamed the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- Cruiserweight Championship , replacing the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship .
On September 10 , a hurricane hit the mouth of the Rio Grande .
His major works include the novels Querelle of Brest , The Thief 's Journal , and Our Lady of the Flowers , and the plays The Balcony , The Blacks , The Maids and The Screens .
Kimonos made of fabrics such as cotton and polyester generally reflect a more casual style .
The series was first revealed to the public in a teaser reel at Comic-Con 2004 , and aired February 21 , 2005 .
It first started on the Fox network in the United States on January 9 , 1992 .
Hanna killed 3 people and left $ 20 million in damage .
Scarborough is a town on the North Sea coast of North Yorkshire , England .
The muzzle is long and narrow , and the teeth are strong .
Osaka -LRB- å é -RRB- is the third largest city of Japan . It is in the Kansai region .
From December 2005 , some within the party were questioning his leadership and calling for a leadership election .
In 1779 he became professor of experimental physics at the University of Pavia , a chair he occupied for almost 25 years .
Lagoon refers both to coastal lagoons , and the lagoons in atolls , formed by the growth of coral reefs on slowly sinking central islands .
He spent the next few seasons in the minor leagues before being released by the Astros in 1984 .
In Hebrew , it is called hel -LRB- '' -RRB- .
The gardens were designed in the style of the Edo period and are a kaiyÅ `` - shiki or strolling garden .
The four top scorers in the tournament had five goals each .
In 2002 , Hwang et al . found that Microraptor was the most primitive dromaeosaur .
In the synthesis of the nucleic acid RNA , ATP is one of the four nucleotides incorporated directly into RNA molecules by RNA polymerases .
It was not realized that Bartlett and Williams Pears were the same until 1828 , when new trees arrived from Europe . .
The Wear is a river in England . It starts in Wearhead , County Durham and opens up into the North Sea at Sunderland .
Sullivan is a city in Hamilton Township , Sullivan County , Indiana , United States .
The average annual temperature is 12 oC .
If the template applies no categories , there is no use for this parameter .
The mayor has no administrative duties , as the City Manager serves as the CEO .
The Cyclops mountain forest habitat has been disturbed recently . This has raised concern that Z. attenboroughi populations may already be endangered or even locally extinct .
These findings suggest similarities between humans and chimpanzees exist in more than genes alone , but can be seen in emotion , intelligence , and family and social relationships .
Jennifer Marie Capriati -LRB- born March 29 , 1976 , in New York City -RRB- is a former professional tennis player , ranked number one in the world for a short time , and the winner of three women 's singles championships in Grand Slam tournaments .
The Turkey Vulture , Cathartes aura , is a bird found throughout most of the Americas .
The ball did not bounce as high as Bradman thought , and it hit the stumps .
In Keitai 's later years , 527 or 528 , the Iwai Rebellion broke out in Tsukushi province , KyÅ `` shÅ `` . Keitai assigned Mononobe no Arakahi as Shogun and sent him to KyÅ `` shÅ `` to put down the rebellion .
Acherontia lachesis is a large -LRB- up to 13 cm wingspan -RRB- Sphingid moth found in India and much of the Oriental region , one of the three species of Death 's - head Hawkmoth , also known as the Bee Robber .
Placards and posters existed from the ancient times .
After staring at the blank piece of paper on his typewriter all morning , he typed , `` The horse jumped over the fucking fence , '' and left .
The word `` oath '' is often used to mean any angry expression which includes religious or other strong language and promises that the person will do something horrible .
The agreement was absolutely fictional but was neither discovered to be a joke by the Social Democrats during the nightly negotiations nor later by civil servants or the press who went through the coalition contracts .
With over new classified advertisements each month , Craigslist is the leading classifieds service in any medium .
Be sure to read the notes below it .
The game had sixteen players , divided into two tribes , Pagong and Tagi .
Mitsuaki Kojima -LRB- born 14 July 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Hercules replies that Zeus could make it work that way .
The arrows are in time with the music .
Jacques-Yves Cousteau died on 25 June 1997 in Paris , aged 87 .
The simplest method to read encrypted data is a brute force attack -- simply attempting every number , up to the maximum length of the key .
In October 2005 Tynwald sought to change the title of the Lieutenant Governor to Crown Commissioner .
Freshwater eels -LRB- unagi -RRB- and marine eels -LRB- conger eel , anago -RRB- are commonly used in Japanese cuisine ; foods such as Unadon and Unajuu are popular but expensive .
He was a member of the Bundestag from 1975 to 1992 and again since 1998 ; from 1995 to 1998 he was a member of the Landtag -LRB- state parliament -RRB- of North Rhine-Westphalia .
Chaiyo also created a TV series he called `` Project Ultraman , '' un-aired as of late March 2008 , a joint project in China featuring his own Ultraman and attaching Hong Kong star , Ekin Cheng to the project .
In 1962 Monroe began filming Something 's Got to Give , which was to be the third film of her four-film contract with 20th Century Fox .
Leo McGarry is mentioned as being Labor Secretary in the administration that was in office in 1993 and 1995 .
Kilmarnock has 1 college and 17 schools -LRB- 13 primary and 4 secondary -RRB- .
He proposed that the zero point of his temperature scale , being the boiling point , would be calibrated at the mean barometric pressure at mean sea level .
Very little information is available for study before the rule of the 29th monarch , Emperor Kimmei -LRB- 509 ?
The next modulation , to C has seven sharps .
Joyeuse is the name of Charlemagne 's sword .
Some microscopic charcoal was found , but it could have resulted from a natural brush fire .
This is usually 30 October , the day before Halloween .
Today , straight rail play is relatively uncommon in the U.S. but retains popularity in Europe , where it is considered a fine practice game for both balkline and three-cushion billiards .
Renamed as His Majesty 's Bark the Endeavour , she left Plymouth in August 1768 . After sailing around Cape Horn she reached Tahiti to see the 1769 transit of Venus across the Sun .
However , after Fuji announced on July 2009 that it would no longer be part of the F1 calendar , Suzuka signed a deal to host the Japanese Grand Prix in , and .
Viruses , computer worms , and trojans typically propagate by sending themselves rapidly through the infected user 's buddy list .
The origin of these Olympics is shrouded in mystery and legend .
Run by Far East Travel
A merchet was a fine paid on a marriage in the Middle Ages in England .
In modern computer languages , the stack is usually implemented with more operations than just `` push '' and `` pop '' .
Ananke gives its name to the Ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit Jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 Â .
Viels-Maisons is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Both Ebara Ward and Shinagawa Ward had been created in 1932 , with the outward expansion of the municipal boundaries of the Tokyo City following the 1923 Great KantÅ Earthquake .
Edward Drinker Cope was born on July 28 , 1840 , the eldest son of Alfred and Hanna Cope .
The Nanking Massacre is a genocide that took place in Nanjing , China during the Second World War .
The first member of the force to die in the line of duty was Officer Charles F. Schoppe , who was shot to death in 1874 while trying to disarm a drunken saloon patron .
La Chapelle-Monthodon is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
`` Girlfriend '' is a song by Canadian recording artist Avril Lavigne .
At this point , Katrina was a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph -LRB- 185 km\/h -RRB- winds and about 335 miles -LRB- 540 km -RRB- to the south-southeast of the Mississippi River 's mouth .
Abstractions may be formed by reducing the information content of a concept or a phenomenon as viewed , often to keep only the information which is needed for a particular purpose .
Santa Felicidade is one neighborhood of the city of Curitiba , ParanÃ , Brazil .
Seaside Heights is a Borough in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
This was illustrated with the Penrose Triangle and Penrose stairs .
His awards include the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Evolutionary Programming Society -LRB- US , 1995 -RRB- and the Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award of the IEEE Neural Networks Society -LRB- US , 2002 -RRB- .
The Co-operative Food purchased Somerfield in early 2009 .
Not all simplified or `` broken '' forms of a language -LRB- patois -RRB- are pidgins .
Many Wikipedians show their allegiances and affiliations on their user pages .
Tellurium and selenium compounds are similar . It exhibits the oxidation states â ' 2 , +2 , +4 and +6 , with the +4 state being most common .
Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom are provided by one of the four National Health Services through local ambulance services , known in England and Wales as trusts .
He is the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for the Dumfriesshire , Clydesdale and Tweeddale constituency in the United Kingdom .
In 1969 he wrote Lady Carneval for Karel Gott , a major Czech pop star .
The construction works were led by Cairo Bueno , and the stadium was designed by the architect Davi Ferreira Lima .
Palatine has two high schools , Palatine High School and William Fremd High School ; and a college , William Rainey Harper College .
He appeared regularly at Salzburg and , from 1953 , Bayreuth . The first opera he conducted there was Wagner 's Tristan und Isolde .
A molecule may consist of atoms of a single chemical element , as with oxygen -LRB- O2 -RRB- , or of different elements , as with water -LRB- H2O -RRB- . Atoms and complexes connected by non-covalent bonds such as hydrogen bonds or ionic bonds are generally not considered single molecules .
More often , pieces in a minor mode that have A as the tonic are written in the enharmonic key , G-sharp minor , because it has a simpler key signature .
The British Rail Class 421 -LRB- or 4Cig -RRB- electrical multiple units were built at BR York Works between 1964 and 1972 .
Bartlesville is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Manchester Metropolitan University was formed as Manchester Polytechnic on the merger of three colleges in 1970 .
The urban population was 41.72 % of the total population .
The Ann Arbor campus is divided into four main areas : the North , Central , Medical , and South Campuses .
And the third was the generation of the higher mental faculties in mankind .
It is the teaching that , since the Fall of Man , every person who has been born into the world is a slave of sin and , without the irresistible grace of God , it is not possible for man to choose to follow God or accept salvation as He freely offers it .
In May 2007 Chris Melling agreed to a new two-year deal with Harlequins Rugby League , midway through his first season at the Twickenham Stoop .
Associazione Calcio Nuova Valdagno is an Italian association football club located in Valdagno , Veneto .
It grazes on a mixture of grass and water plants .
The song , called `` Hello , Hello '' , will be released in February 2011 . She released her single Born This Way on 11 February 2011 .
Cosworth increased its association with Ford in 1969 , by developing a double overhead camshaft -LRB- DOHC -RRB- 16-valve inline four cylinder engine for road use in the Ford Escort .
The Beatles , all regular NEMS customers , immediately recognized Epstein , but before Epstein could congratulate them on their performance , George Harrison said , `` And what brings Mr. Epstein here ? '' Epstein replied with , `` We just popped in to say hello .
4 -- If one moves the cube one unit length into the fourth dimension , it generates a 4-dimensional unit hypercube -LRB- a unit tesseract -RRB- .
Because it was a weak storm and never moved onto land , Cristobal 's damages were mostly moderate rainfall .
In the New Testament , a sponge soaked in sour wine or vinegar was stuck on a branch of hyssop and offered to Jesus of Nazareth on the cross just before he died .
Each Mahasiddha has come to be known for certain things .
The body was created by the first state constitution adopted in 1818 . The Illinois Senate is made up of 59 senators elected from individual legislative districts determined by population .
Coaching stock of British Rail .
Marsh lobbied John Wesley Powell to act against Cope and attempted to persuade Hayden to `` muzzle '' Cope 's publishing .
The band was started in 1991 when the members were students at a university near Tokyo .
Additional fuel capacity and standard winglets improve range to that of other 737NG variantsâ '' around 3200 nm .
The findings of Finlay and Ross were later confirmed by a medical board headed by Walter Reed in 1900 .
Sibley wrote his classic field guide , The Sibley Guide to Birds , while he was living and birding in Cape May Point .
He gave his manuscript to his agent and editor to review . At the same time , he gave the book to some sixth , seventh and eighth graders to read and tell him what was good or bad about it .
He is best known as the author of The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Book of Laughter and Forgetting , and The Joke .
It is the only species in the Gymnobelideus genus .
Hannapes is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Paa hazarensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
A number of famous people appeared with secrets , including Col. Harland Sanders who founded Kentucky Fried Chicken -LRB- `` I started my restaurant with my first Social Security check '' -RRB- , Philo T. Farnsworth -LRB- `` I invented electronic television '' -RRB- , Pete Best -LRB- `` I used to be one of THE BEATLES '' -RRB- , and an elderly man , Samuel Seymour , who was the last surviving eyewitness to Abraham Lincoln 's assassination -LRB- he was 5 years old at the time -RRB- .
In 2009 , at No Way Out that February 15 , Edge won the World Heavyweight Championship in Raws Elimination Chamber match , thus making it a SmackDown exclusive title and giving SmackDown two top tier championships .
The purposes of cleanliness is health , beauty , absence of offensive odor and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others .
This was the period when the Tudor dynasty ruled in England . Its first monarch was Henry VII -LRB- 1457 - 1509 -RRB- .
Early on , Christian churches tried to prevent the occurrence of the damaging effects of lightning by prayers .
Although rivers and canals often provide passage between two large lakes or a lake and a sea , and these seem to suit the formal definition of straits , they are not usually referred to as such .
In his letter to an editor in 1975 titled `` How do we tell truths that might hurt ? ''
Stamford Bridge is a football stadium in Fulham , in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham , West London , and is the home of Chelsea Football Club .
UNEP is also one of several Implementing Agencies for the Global Environment Facility -LRB- GEF -RRB- .
After another disappointing season in 2002 â `` 03 , the Cavaliers landed the number one draft pick in the NBA Lottery . With it , the team selected local high school phenomenon and future NBA MVP LeBron James .
Amaranthaceae is a family of flowering plants are the Amaranth family , contains about 160 genera and 2,400 species .
Scoring is calculated continuously , so if a player is currently on 49 points at the start of a game they only have to win one point for the game to end .
Pikmin 2 is the sequel to Pikmin , also for the Nintendo GameCube , and is considered an improvement over the previous title , receiving universal acclaim from reviewers .
They are skilled diggers , being able to dig tunnels into hard ground in 10 minutes .
Koichi Higashi -LRB- born August 23 , 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Job 3:1 -42:6 is poetry that consists of a cycle of speeches between Job , Eliphaz , Bildad , Zophar and later Elihu , and then the dialogue between Yahweh and Job .
Much documentation written by the GNU Project , the Linux Documentation Project and others licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License contain invariant sections , which do not comply with the DFSG .
Crimson Thunder is the fourth studio release by Swedish metal band HammerFall .
Dodoma -LRB- literally `` It has sunk '' in Gogo -RRB- , officially Dodoma Urban District , population 324,347 -LRB- 2002 census -RRB- , is the national capital of Tanzania , and the capital of the Dodoma region .
When the V.P. Singh government fell in 1990 , the IP stopped being a party .
It was reprinted multiple times during Poe 's lifetime .
Tourism is also an important sector due to its historic chÃ cents teau 's and museums .
Located in Wallace County , it is less than half a mile -LRB- 0.8 km -RRB- from the Colorado state border and close to the lowest point in Colorado .
There is little spontaneous regeneration in adult humans , although the liver is a notable exception .
The school was built to fill a void in the county due to the lack of French and faith-based education .
This breaks the adultsout of the arguing and watching them in awe , and the episode ends with Grandpa Lou taking a picture of the party , which ends up in the Pickles Family Abulm .
GrÃ 1\/4 nberg was born in Pilsen , Bohemia , which was controlled by the Nazis . They called the country the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia and it is known now as the Czech Republic .
This approach , innovative at the time , resulted in paintings more colorful and more broadly painted than the public was accustomed to seeing .
The giant nerve fibers of the cephalopod mantle have been widely used as experimental material in neurophysiology for many years ; their large diameter -LRB- due to lack of myelination -RRB- makes them relatively easy to study .
There is a crown of feathers on the top of the head , which may be raised or lowered according to the bird 's mood .
After the efforts of Tom Mazzolini , producer of the San Francisco Blues Festival , started in 1974 , and the efforts of recording companies like Arhoolie and HighTone , the West Coast is one of the most important blues areas in the country .
MÃ hlin is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Often referred to as the Waldensians -LRB- or Waldenses -RRB- , they were distinct from the Albigensians or Cathari .
Bartonella rochalimae is a recently discovered strain of Gram-negative bacteria . It is a member of the Bartonella genus .
It may also formulate recommendations to the president and the federal government in such matters .
Since the release of The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , Henley has appeared in the stage play Babes in the Wood at her local theater group , which ran from 27 January to 4 February 2006 .
They are sometimes mistaken for a Siberian Husky , but in fact are quite different in many ways .
The area surrounding the Grand Coulee is shrub-steppe habitat , with an average annual rainfall of less than twelve inches .
As the most abundant large predator in the Morrison Formation , Allosaurus was at the top of the food chain , probably preying on contemporaneous large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators -LRB- e.g. Ceratosaurus -RRB- .
However in November 2010 he announced he was withdrawing from the Candidates tournament ; he was replaced by Alexander Grischuk .
Vincent Kennedy `` Vince '' McMahon -LRB- born August 24 , 1945 -RRB- is an American professional wrestling promoter , announcer , commentator , film producer , actor and former occasional professional wrestler , and is often referred to as the archetypal wrestling magnate .
The area was originally inhabited by the Wiradjuri people .
Dev Patel -LRB- Gujarati : à à `` à à à à `` à ; born 23 April 1990 -RRB- is a British film and television actor .
She was elected Prime Minister of Pakistan two times .
There she met the man who was to become the `` love of her life '' , a former member of the National Convention named Jacques-Marie Rouzet .
On April 22 , 2009 , at the 31st Session of the World Meteorological Organization 's Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee , the WMO retired the names Gustav , Ike , and Paloma from its rotating name lists .
He began performing experiments with bacteriophages with Italian-American Salvador Luria and German Max DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck in 1940 , and observed that when two different strains of bacteriophage have infected the same bacteria , the two viruses may exchange genetic information .
Fellow 1933 Michigan Wolverines football All-American , Ted Petoskey also debuted for the Reds in September 1934 .
But when a relative key is on the opposite side of the circle from its home key , then in theory modulating to that key would involve adding so many sharps or flats that double-sharps and double-flats would have to be written in the key signature . The following six keys -LRB- which are the parallel major\/minor keys of those above -RRB- would require one , two or three double-sharps or double-flats :
Away on the mountains wild and bare .
Barbara McClintock was awarded the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine `` for her discovery of mobile genetic elements '' .
In London he aligned himself with the Tories , advising Germain and King George III to renew the fight against the Americans .
The capital of the Spanish Captaincy General of Guatemala , covering most of modern Central America , was moved here after a series of earthquakes - the Santa Marta earthquakes that started on July 29 , 1773 - destroyed the old capital , Antigua Guatemala .
The intestinal villi secrete the enzyme called lactase -LRB- Î - D-galactosidase -RRB- to digest it . This enzyme cleaves the lactose molecule into its two subunits , the simple sugars glucose and galactose , which can be absorbed .
William Lyall bought land in the swamp area . He helped organize draining the swamp to make it usable as farmland .
The racial makeup of the county was 58.79 % White , 37.72 % Black or African American , 0.42 % Native American , 0.20 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 1.69 % from other races , and 1.17 % from two or more races .
Today the town is served by Kilmarnock railway station .
It begins with Knowles sitting in a chair , wearing men 's clothing and smoking a cigar .
It was also during this period that authors and playwrights first began to explore the vampire legend .
However , at one point , Lego was in talks with Eric about selling Blockland .
If someone other than the patent owner uses the patent , this is called infringing a patent .
Senna attacked on lap 34 but Alesi defended and kept the lead .
Junipers are coniferous plants in the genus Juniperus of the cypress family Cupressaceae .
His verses were translated to English .
Scobee was selected for NASA 's astronaut program in January 1978 and he completed his training in August 1979 .
It can be used to set both user and channel modes .
Wendell is a city in Gooding County , Idaho , United States .
On October 14 , 2008 , new models were announced with improved capacities of 128 GB -LRB- solid-state -RRB- and 120 GB -LRB- hard drive -RRB- .
Upon questioning his wife , she revealed that it had rung while he was out of the room and someone was playing a bad joke on them by saying that he had won the Nobel prize .
According to the Census Bureau , the population of the city is 7,464 .
During an interview , Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
Downstream at Gayndah , the river peaked at 16.1 m with floodwaters reaching two houses .
It does so by activating some genes while inhibiting others .
All seven seasons of the series are available on individual DVD box sets for Regions 1 , 2 and 4 .
For text that includes an equal-sign '' = '' , precede the text with or use a triple-brace unnamed parameter : .
It was at the insistence of Galerius that the last edicts of persecution against the Christians were published , beginning on February 24 , 303 , and this policy of repression was maintained by him until the appearance of the general edict of toleration , issued from Nicomedia in April 311 , apparently during his last bout of illness , in his own name and in those of Licinius and Constantine -LRB- see Edict of Toleration by Galerius -RRB- .
Enter the width in pixels without `` px '' , for example .
In 1982 , the Labor Party entered into a coalition government with Fine Gael .
The mere fact that a sentence is long does not make it a run-on sentence ; sentences are run-ons only when they contain more than one complete idea . A run-on sentence can be as short as four wordsâ '' for instance : I drive she walks .
Normal movies use 24 frames per second -LRB- frame\/s -RRB- .
Regny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Vaccines may be monovalent -LRB- also called univalent -RRB- or multivalent -LRB- also called polyvalent -RRB- .
It was a lethal biological with an anticipated fatality rate of 40 to 60 percent .
This time was anyway a period of expansion for the Chaldean Catholic Church .
By 1900 , he was a world-renowned artist .
The purpose of the library is to assist members of the Diet of Japan .
Active infrared night vision is now commonly found in commercial , residential and government security applications , where it enables effective night time imaging under low light conditions . However , since active infrared light can be detected by night vision goggles , there can be a risk of giving away position in tactical military operations .
Thyme is a good source of iron and is widely used in cooking .
The Haymarket Theatre let him experiment with his plays and Fielding changed the comedy genre .
In addition to the safety concerns for older hydraulic elevators , there is risk of leaking hydraulic oil into the aquifer and causing potential environmental contamination .
In an ironic final twist for a man whose life was dedicated to the remembrance of millions of victims of genocide , seven people attended his funeral .
United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- or UNICEF ; -RRB- was created by the United Nations General Assembly on December 11 , 1946 , to provide emergency food and healthcare to children in countries that had been devastated by World War II .
After Finlayâ s victory over Paul Burchill , an extremely hyper , dirty , mysterious little man -LRB- Postl -RRB- in a leprechaun costume scurried out from under the ring and jumped on Burchill , laughing maniacally all the while .
Boris Soloviev , the husband of Rasputin 's daughter Maria , defrauded many important Russian families by asking for money for a Romanov to escape to China .
Situated in the Rhine valley , the circuit is almost completely flat , with very little change in elevation .
He was a member of the Delta Upsilon Fraternity , as was his father .
In the novel , the author narrates a tale in which an aeroplane crash landed near a riverbed , in the early 1920 's .
Barbini somehow managed to put Lewicki on the Providence list before Toronto and New York , who had filed at 12:01 am on Lewicki 's sixteenth birthday .
Eventually , Hughes and his father came to a compromise : Hughes would study engineering , so long as he could attend Columbia . His tuition provided , Hughes left his father after more than a year .
In 1892 , a light railway or tram was built to connect Yass Junction on the main railway line and Yass Town .
Mansell was caught and passed by Piquet and pitted for tyres soon after .
Layla El -LRB- born 25 June 1978 -RRB- is an English dancer , model and professional wrestler of Moroccan descent . She is employed by World Wrestling Entertainment as a WWE Diva and appears on the SmackDown brand as Layla .
Synapsids are characterized by having differentiated teeth .
These server logs cover requests to the following Wikimedia Foundation projects : Wikipedia , Wikimedia Commons , Wiktionary , Wikibooks , Wikiquote , Wikisource , Wikinews , Wikiversity and others .
Evidence of original colouration has been detected in cephalopod fossils dating as far back as the Silurian ; these orthoconic individuals bore concentric stripes , which are thought to have served as camouflage .
Only five zoos have managed to breed a captive Short-beaked Echidna , but no captive-bred young have survived to be adults .
Guaranine , theine , and mateine are all synonyms for caffeine when the definitions of those words include none of the properties and chemicals of their host plants except the chemical caffeine .
It is published in New York City by Dow Jones & Company , a division of News Corporation , along with the Asian and European editions of the Journal .
Sergej Ivanovich Ognew -LRB- 1886 â `` 1951 -RRB- was a Russian zoologist and naturalist , remembered for his work on mammalogy .
Eisenstein proposed a biography of munitions invester Sir Basil Zaharoff and a film version of Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw . He also made plans for a film of Sutter 's Gold by Jack London .
The Tajiks constitute almost four-fifths of the population of Tajikistan . In the early 21st century there were about than 6,000,000 Tajiks in Tajikistan and more than 1,000,000 in Uzbekistan .
Disinformation may include distribution of forged documents , manuscripts , and photographs , or spreading malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence .
That year , on the television show Youth Wants to Know , Robinson challenged the Yankees ' general manager , George Weiss , on the racial record of his team . The Yankees had yet to sign a black player .
Tadahiro Akiba -LRB- born 13 October 1975 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
However , for now , the spectral classification based on the two above coarse resolution spectroscopic surveys from the 1990s is still the standard .
Bismuth sulfide , -LRB- -LRB- Bismuth -LRB- III -RRB- sulfide -RRB- -RRB- , occurs naturally in bismuth ores .
The result of a few months spent near London was a series of nearly twenty paintings of the Upper Thames near Molesey , which was later described by art historian Kenneth Clark as `` a perfect moment of Impressionism . ''
Pavlov 's research on conditional reflexes greatly influenced not only science , but also popular culture .
Mod-related fashions such as the miniskirt stimulated fashionable shopping areas such as Carnaby Street and the Kings Road , Chelsea .
Doctors and arm wrestlers recommend doing rehab -LRB- training\/therapy , exercising with light weights and many repetitions for 30 â `` 45 minutes non-stop to pump the blood into arms -RRB- .
The racial makeup of the county was 79.89 % White , 16.94 % Black or African American , 0.65 % Native American , 0.40 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 0.53 % from other races , and 1.55 % from two or more races .
The sharp , serrated teeth would have been very effective for shredding plants .
Nobuyo Fujishiro -LRB- born 25 January 1960 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
I think what we did was to respond to a situation that was unconscionable . ''
Most communication on Wikipedia occurs in an open , public , reviewable manner -LRB- even personal `` talk page '' messages are readable by anybody -RRB- .
Internet Explorer 7 was released at the same time as Firefox 2.0 , and overtook Firefox 1 .
In the 1980s , Wall Street was revived from its slump , and the city reclaimed its role at the center of the worldwide financial industry .
Joanot Martorell -LRB- 1413 -- 1468 -RRB- was the Valencian author of the novel Tirant lo Blanch , which is written in the Catalan language -LRB- Martorell calls it `` the Valencian vernacular '' `` vulgar llengua valenciana '' used in the Crown of Aragon -RRB- .
Bohr married Margrethe NÃ rlund in 1912 , and one of their sons , Aage Bohr , grew up to be an important physicist who in 1975 also received the Nobel prize .
His television show , The Glenn Beck Program , has been played on Fox News Channel .
Their daughter , Christine La Rae , was born in December 1957 .
Clicking the blue globe activates the WikiMiniAtlas -LRB- needs Javascript -RRB- .
It converts coordinates in the deg\/min\/sec system into a decimal number , which is negative for western and\/or southern hemispere .
Damavand County -LRB- Persian : Ø Ù Ø Ù Ù Ø -RRB- is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran .
Upon Louis 's return to France , he was involved in Napoleon 's plot to overthrow the Directory .
Postville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The 21st Independent Spirit Awards , given by Film Independent on 4 March , 2006 , will honor the best in film for 2005 .
Devon Island is also notable for having the Haughton impact crater , made some 39 million years ago when a meteorite about 2 km -LRB- 1.2 mi -RRB- in diameter crashed into what were then forests .
Typhon was finally defeated by Zeus , who trapped him underneath Mount Etna .
Juninho -LRB- little JÃ nior -RRB- full name Osvaldo JosÃ Martins JÃ nior -LRB- born 7 July 1982 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Yuksak Liqa club FK Khazar Lenkoran as a midfielder .
In the conventional political spectrum , the party lies between the center and the centre-left .
Tetsuya Enomoto is a Japanese football player .
An evacuation center was set up at the RNA Showgrounds in Bowen Hills .
Its limpid , globular eyesâ '' which appear red or blue , also depending on lightingâ '' are proportionately the largest in the animal kingdom at 2.5 cm -LRB- 1 inch -RRB- in diameter .
Tupigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Korean royal court cuisine used to serve all the best dishes from each province for the royal family .
Pittsburgh Penguins vs. Boston Bruins
Weelkes ' fourth and final volume of madrigals , published in 1608 , carries a title page where he refers to himself as a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal ; however , records at the Chapel Royal itself do not mention him , so at most he could only have been a Gentleman Extraordinary - one of those who were asked to stand in until a permanent replacement was found .
Protected from the fires by the surrounding ocean , the island is lush and green .
Lawrence left his 8,000 bird skins to the American Museum of Natural History .
Page protection is never to be used for closing down an article 's normal development and community editing .
William Herschel and his wife Mary had one child , John .
Mud volcanoes can also be found in Iran and Pakistan . They are found in the Makran mountain range .
Other farms were started quickly with about 400 people in the 1840s .
In the PokÃ mon video games , Jigglypuff is famous among players because it learns the move Sing , which puts enemy PokÃ mon to sleep .
local '' into the IE7 folder .
Stretching northeast into the Atlantic Ocean , Long Island contains four counties , two of which are boroughs -LRB- Queens and Brooklyn -RRB- of New York City , and two of which -LRB- Nassau and Suffolk -RRB- are mainly suburban or rural . In popular usage , the term `` Long Island '' generally refers only to Nassau and Suffolk counties in order to differentiate them from New York City , though all four counties on the island are part of the New York metropolitan area .
The district has an area of 15,910 square kilometres and is headquartered at the city of Khairpur .
Lemps is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Farther ahead lies Darakhshan Villas which comprises residential townhouses .
Some of the animals weighed as much as 700 kg -LRB- 1,500 lb -RRB- or possibly larger .
There is some disagreement over whether the John who wrote the letters of John , the John who wrote The Gospel of John , and the John who wrote the Book of Revelation are the same person .
The Gondwana Rainforests of Australia formerly known as the ` Central Eastern Rainforest Reserves ' , are the most extensive area of subtropical rainforest in the world .
Several zoos , such as the Bronx Zoo , the Lincoln Park Zoo , and the Brookfield Zoo , also got Knight to paint murals of their living animals .
They can communicate with other Emoto-tronic Furbies , though to a lesser extent than the communication between original Furbies , and they can not themselves communicate with the original Furbies nor Funky Furbies .
The track does not necessarily have to be a complete circuit , as shuttle roller coasters exhibit . Most roller coasters have multiple cars in which passengers sit and are restrained .
Calamba City is the regional center of CALABARZON .
The drama and novel are interesting as experiments , but Larra was essentially a journalist , and the increased liberty of the press after the death of Ferdinand VII gave his caustic talent an ampler field .
Mullah Mohammed Omar -LRB- ; born c. 1959 -RRB- , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
A-flat major is the flattest major key Domenico Scarlatti used in his keyboard sonatas , though he used it only twice , in K. 127 and K. 130 .
He was made to join the Red Army in January 1943 and fought in the Second World War on the Ukrainian front .
In the North America sports museums often take the form of a hall of fame , with great emphasis given to the individuals who are honored with membership .
A theatrical release was announced at the end of episode 25 of season 2 , called Mobile Suit Gundam 00 The Movie : A wakening of the Trailblazer A new character is revealed to be the first officially acknowledged true Innovator , whose name is revealed to be Descartes Shaman .
True to form , Moore was a quick study , for a time carrying a 233 bowling average .
Along with New York 's Broadway theater , West End theater is usually considered to represent the highest level of commercial theater in the English speaking world .
Bran comes to Sevenwaters in secret to meet with Sean and meets Liadan , she tells him of his son .
If and are two tensors with element representation and the elements of the dot product are given by
A plasmid is a DNA molecule that is separate from , and can replicate independently of , the chromosomal DNA .
She often calls her fans `` little monsters '' . She has several tattoos ; words tattooed on her left arm is `` the arm that holds -LRB- her -RRB- mic -LRB- rophone -RRB- . ''
Turner Field is a baseball ballpark located in Atlanta , Georgia . It is where their home team plays , called the Atlanta Braves .
Lorne played in the National Hockey League from 1926 to 1937 .
Yukihiro Yamase -LRB- born 22 April 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Sagan Tosu .
The airport is owned and operated by BAA , who also own and operate five other UK airports . BAA is owned by ADI Limited , an international consortium led by the Spanish Ferrovial Group , which also includes Caisse de dÃ pÃ t et placement du QuÃ bec and GIC Special Investments .
The first Guildhall School was housed in an old warehouse in Aldermanbury , but these premises soon proved too small .
The following year the Ellice Islands became the separate British colony of Tuvalu .
Pieter Egge Huistra -LRB- born 18 January 1967 -RRB- is a Dutch football coach and former winger , currently serving as manager of FC Groningen .
Cleopas and his friend hastened to Jerusalem to carry the news to the other disciples , where Jesus subsequently appeared to them as well .
In the above example , the 3 footnotes are reduced to just short ref-name tags at first , then later expanded to show more details .
-LRB- We fed 0 here to make it show in this documentation , but in real usage it would show the value 10 . -RRB-
The female is also reported to sing during the breeding season to attract the attention of males .
The TimiÅ or TamiÅ -LRB- Romanian : TimiÅ ; Serbian : Ð cents Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ or TamiÅ ; German : Temesch ; Hungarian : Temes -RRB- is a 359 kilometer long river coming up from the Semenic Mountains , the southern part Carpathian Mountains , in CaraÅ - Severin County , Romania .
St Andrew is also the patron saint of the Order .
Matilda was born in Boulogne , France .
It takes about 1 hour to travel from end to end and this line is colored green on MRT system maps .
This is because only written fairy tales can be passed on for a long time . Still , literary works show that there has been fairy tales for thousands of years .
Joseph Hermas `` Amos , Butch '' Arbour -LRB- January 26 , 1895 in Waubaushene , Ontario â `` November 1 , 1943 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 7 seasons in the National Hockey Association and 6 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens , Hamilton Tigers and Toronto St. Pats .
For example , leet spellings of the word leet include 1337 and l33t ; eleet may be spelled 31337 or 3l33t .
Cadarsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1997 , videogamespot.com became videogames.com for a short time . Afterward in 1998 , videogames.com and gamespot.com joined together to become a single site .
To prove the point to skeptics , he sexed the flies carefully , and reared them from pupae .
Izernore is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
: A lively introduction to probability theory for the beginner .
It is continuously being created at oceanic ridges .
Work , i.e. `` weight lifted through a height '' , was originally defined in 1824 by Sadi Carnot in his famous paper Reflections on the Motive Power of Fire .
Richard Henry Blood -LRB- born February 28 , 1953 -RRB- , better known by his ring name Ricky `` The Dragon '' Steamboat , is an American professional wrestler who became one of the most well-known professional wrestlers of the late 1980s and early 1990s and was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2009 .
He studied at the Academy of Music in Tel Aviv . Then he moved to the United States to study at the Juilliard School with Ivan Galamian and Dorothy DeLay .
In this case , the goal is counted .
Prior to this , the theme song for the Raw brand was '' ... To Be Loved '' by Papa Roach , which had been used since October 9 , 2006 and `` Across The Nation '' by The Union Underground which was used from April 1 , 2002 to October 2 , 2006 .
If a team changes names half-way a year , the two names are distinguished by adding a letter .
Glutamic acid decarboxylase antibodies are commonly found in diabetes mellitus type 1 .
Since forming in 1994 , the band have released seven studio albums , one live album , two compilation albums , one extended play -LRB- EP -RRB- , thirty singles and five video albums .
In 1950 , she became the first Chancellor of the University of the West Indies -LRB- then the University College of the West Indies -RRB- .
Vrilissia -LRB- Greek : Î ' Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Î -RRB- is a small city near Athens in Attica , Greece .
Dwight Lyman -LRB- D.L. -RRB- Moody -LRB- February 5 , 1837 â `` December 22 , 1899 -RRB- was an American evangelist and publisher . He started the Moody Church , Northfield School and Mount Hermon School in Massachusetts -LRB- now the Northfield Mount Hermon School -RRB- , the Moody Bible Institute and Moody Publishers .
The song was named the 30th greatest guitar solo ever by Guitar World Magazine readers and is one of his faster shred guitar style songs .
One of his more famous pieces , made in 1935 entitled Hurrah , die Butter ist Alle !
hCard is a microformat for publishing the contact details -LRB- which might be no more than the name -RRB- of people , companies , organizations , and places , in -LRB- X -RRB- HTML , Atom , RSS , or arbitrary XML .
Nickel Creek 's first performance was at That Pizza Place in Carlsbad , California in 1989 with Scott Thile , Chris 's father , playing string bass .
Montreal 's Dave Ritchie scored the first goal in NHL history and Harry Hyland had four goals in the Wanderers 10 â `` 9 victory , which would be their only one in the NHL .
About 245 people live there and it has 5.33 kmÂ .
One South Korean and three North Korean soldiers were killed in the action .
Nuclear Nebraska : The Remarkable Story of the Little County That Couldnâ t Be Bought -LRB- ISBN 0814474306 -RRB- is a 2007 book by Susan Cragin which follows the controversy about a proposed low level nuclear waste dump which was planned for Boyd County , Nebraska .
Tipton is a city of Indiana in the United States .
The cadaver must be monitored at all times , and if necessary , `` life saving '' procedures must be taken .
This has been supported by an interview in 2005 with Linda Dotson , Wooley 's widow .
The irregular bones are : the vertebrÃ , sacrum , coccyx , temporal , sphenoid , ethmoid , zygomatic , maxilla , mandible , palatine , inferior nasal concha , and hyoid .
The cities of Norsuntepe , Emar and Carchemish were destroyed , Assyria lost northwestern cities to Mushki , which were reconquered by Tiglath-Pileser I after his ascension to kingship .
It was created by iD Software , and came out in 2004 . It was the first to not be based on the same game engine as Doom and Doom 2 , and had 40 levels .
Pontru is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Earth is a city in Lamb County , Texas , United States .
These two soon pitted as well with a shuffled order : Senna , Mansell , Berger , Prost , Nannini and Piquet .
Males had a median income of $ 29,321 versus $ 21,959 for females .
See Greedy Nim .
The shared secret can be a password , a passphrase , a big number or an array of randomly chosen bytes .
Berger passed Boutsen on lap 47 and Nannini four laps later .
Azula mortally wounds Aang , who is in the Avatar State , with a lightning blast .
The scientific study of plants , known as botany , has identified about 350,000 extant species of plants , defined as seed plants , bryophytes , ferns and fern allies .
He finds Deianeira but she has no memory of him , Hades appears and tells Hercules that he erased her memory about Hercules because of the thought of killing her husband .
Bailey was listed by The Observer as one of the 50 funniest acts in British comedy in 2003 .
Releases of Mac OS X are named after big cats : for example , Mac OS X v10 .6 is usually referred to by Apple and users as `` Snow Leopard '' .
It was probably first performed on Good Friday -LRB- 11 April -RRB- 1727 in the Thomaskirche in Leipzig , where Bach was Kapellmeister . He made some changes to it by 1736 and performed it again on 30 March 1736 .
Daylight was limited to two or three hours a day , and temperatures fell to â 31 Â F -LRB- â 35 Â C -RRB- , making travel difficult .
It is the cover subject of the March 2009 edition of Hot Rod Deluxe , a `` retro '' version of Hot Rod Magazine .
Ricardo LÃ pez Felipe -LRB- born 30 December 1971 in Madrid -RRB- , simply Ricardo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CA Osasuna as a goalkeeper .
During the 14th century Black Death , there was a huge increase in demand for saffron-based medicine . Much saffron had to be imported by Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes .
Milton Greene had first met Monroe in 1953 when he was assigned to photograph her for Look magazine .
Also Annika Suthe , participant of the 2004 Summer Olympics -LRB- javelin throw -RRB- was born there .
Households headed by single males are disproportionately found in the middle three quintiles ; single females head households concentrated in the bottom three quintiles .
For those reasons , some Wikipedia articles may seem quite bizarre , and several so-called `` official '' guidelines are still demanding peculiar rules , years later , with some rules so wiki-spastic they have never been considered in any other multi-user site .
IMDb launched on October 17 , 1990 , and in 1998 was acquired by Amazon.com .
â `` dicis la surprizata princeto .
The first recorded use of copper as a color name in English was in 1594 .
PokÃ mon Black and White are Role-playing games where the player captures creatures called PokÃ mon and battles them against other PokÃ mon. . One of the new features in the games is triple battles , which allows players to battle three PokÃ mon against three PokÃ mon. .
Barenboim has given many lectures about music including the Reith Lecture in 2006 .
Students in the Scholars program are expected to live and take select classes with other members of the program .
Mazinho -LRB- born 8 April , 1966 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Blackberry pie is pie composed of blackberry filling , usually in the form of either blackberry jam , actual blackberries themselves , or some combination thereof .
As of 14 January 2011 , the floods have led to 30 deaths , 15 of which are from the Toowoomba and the Lockyer Valley area .
The only remaining fundamental force that has no known gauge boson is gravity . The theoretical gauge boson for gravity is called a graviton .
Trash bins and mail boxes have been removed from station platforms and concourse levels to station entrances .
The cyclone then recurved between the United States East coast and Bermuda by September 25 .
In the WHL , Kennedy helped the Broncos capture the 1989 Memorial Cup , and was named to the tournament all-star team .
About 45,000 Iroquois lived in Canada in 1995 .
As mayor of Denver , PeÃ a led the effort to build the airport .
The silky shark has a slim , flat body and naturally grows to a length of 2.5 m -LRB- 8 ft 2 in -RRB- . It can be distinguished from other large sharks by the rather small first back fin with a twist back edge , the tiny second back fin with a long free rear tip .
According to Jewish law , when Jewish children reach 13 years of age for boys and 12 years of age for girls , they become responsible for their actions , and `` become a Bar or Bat Mitzvah '' -LRB- English : Son -LRB- Bar -RRB- or Daughter -LRB- Bat -RRB- of the commandment -RRB- .
An operation to the nasal septum is known as a septoplasty .
He is one of only two Italian Formula One World Champions in the history of the sport , and the only one winning his two championships in a Ferrari .
Alperton is a London Underground station on the Uxbridge branch of the Piccadilly Line .
On October 24 , 1972 , he died of a heart attack at home in Stamford , Connecticut , aged fifty-three .
`` Pecan '' is from an Algonquian word , meaning a nut requiring a stone to crack .
Valentin Berlinsky -LRB- born Irkutsk , 19 January , 1925 ; died 15 December , 2008 -RRB- was a Russian cellist .
Klingons -LRB- Klingon : tlhIngan ; Pronunciation : \/ Ë tÍ É É Å É ` n \/ -RRB- are a warrior race in the fictional Star Trek universe .
Biological warfare has been used throughout history .
Nintendo of Japan produced a 60-minute anime feature which starred Mario and his friends in 1986 , although this film has never been released outside of Japan .
The most famous example of the exaggeration is the story , which probably is not actually true , that artist Frederic Remington sent Hearst a telegram to tell him that not much was going on in Cuba and `` There will be no war . ''
Later the names KÃ polnÃ s NyÃ k , KÃ posztÃ s NyÃ k , and FertÅ ` fÅ ` NyÃ k are used the mention this rather insignificant place located between Buda and FehÃ rvÃ r , to the south of the commercial route .
On this island , there are four villages , of which one is Vaiaku , where the government is located .
Marcus made prayers to the gods for his safety in front of the senate , and hurried south to see him .
Eruca sativa -LRB- syn .
Aron Mohamed Winter -LRB- VIN-ter -RRB- -LRB- born 1 March 1967 in Paramaribo , Suriname -RRB- is a retired Dutch football midfielder and current head coach of Toronto FC .
He was born in Brandon , Manitoba .
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Janusz Palikot , born in BiÅ goraj on October 26 , 1964 , is a Polish politician , activist and businessman known for his controversial remarks .
The also French Gault Millau restaurant guide gave him 17 points and 3 hoods and elected him Cook of the year in 1989 .
Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia .
The member country holding the G8 presidency is responsible for organizing and hosting the year 's summit .
Guingamp is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Brittany in north-western France .
Olavo Rodrigues Barbosa , best known as Nena , -LRB- 11 July 1923 -- 17 November 2010 -RRB- was a Brazilian former football player .
He also said that it was `` not correct to say that a soldier can not live without smoking '' .
Articles and events specifically relating to the decade beginning with the year 1800 and ending with the year 1809 .
In the Final Four Immunity Challenge , Tom and Ian are once again even , but Tom became triumphant for the fourth collective time .
County play their home games at Meadow Lane in black and white striped shirts .
In cryptography , RC2 is a block cipher designed by Ron Rivest in 1987 .
Martini also recorded the team 's only front row start , 2nd at the United States Grand Prix . Martini led a lap in the Portuguese Grand Prix .
They play in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , at the MTS Centre .
The Dharma is one of the Three Jewels of Buddhism of which followers of Buddhism seek refuge in -LRB- what one relies on for his\/her lasting happiness -RRB- .
That same El NiÃ o influenced a relatively quiet season in the Atlantic .
As the biggest S-type asteroid -LRB- with 3 Juno being a very close second -RRB- , Eunomia has attracted a moderate amount of scientific attention .
It is the second largest city by area in the province after Andong , covering 1324 k with a population of 269,343 people according to the 2008 census .
Pages can access some of those size statistics by using specific variable-names -LRB- see : -RRB- : for example , the total articles is and total-users is in the variable : .
The CAF Champions League is an annual international club football competition run by the Confederation of African Football -LRB- CAF -RRB- . The top club sides from Africa 's football leagues are invited to participate in this competition , which is the premier club football competition on the continent and the equivalent to the UEFA Champions League .
For example or :
Cuiry-Housse is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Significant employers in Southampton include the University of Southampton , Southampton Airport , the Ford Transit factory , Ordnance Survey , the BBC through Radio Solent and South Today , the NHS and one of the largest commercial ports in Europe . The city represents the core of the Greater Southampton region , and the city itself has an estimated population of 234,600 -LRB- MYE 2008 -RRB- .
In the study of communicable and non-communicable diseases , epidemiologists are involved in outbreak investigation to study design , data collection , statistical analysis , documentation of results and submission for publication .
Two weeks later the government introduced a bill into Parliament to `` resume '' their rural lands under compulsory acquisition .
Following his military service , Stoiber studied political science and then , in the fall 1962 in Munich , law .
The effects of child sexual abuse include depression , post-traumatic stress disorder , anxiety , propensity to further victimization in adulthood , and physical injury to the child , among other problems .
Culver City is a city in western Los Angeles County , California .
In illustrations of Aquila that represent it as an eagle , a nearly straight line of three stars symbolizes part of the wings .
Malcolm Mitchell Young -LRB- born 6 January 1953 -RRB- is a Scottish-born Australian guitarist , best known as a founding member , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the Australian hard rock band AC\/DC .
Hunchak party fought many battles against the Ottoman Empire , to free the Armenian people from Turkish rule .
Magnetic tape is a medium for magnetic recording , made of a thin magnetizable coating on a long , narrow strip of plastic . It was developed in Germany , based on magnetic wire recording .
The earliest Gavialoidea may or may not have been related to the modern types : some died out at the same time as the dinosaurs -LRB- at the end of the Cretaceous -RRB- , others survived until the early Eocene -LRB- about 35 million years ago -RRB- .
On 1st January 2010 the former municipality of Ittenthal merged into the municipality of Kaisten .
It can make 90 wingbeats per second when it 's hovering to drink nectar from flowers .
Prince Leonard pursued a number of occupations before purchasing a large wheat farm near Northampton , Western Australia and Geraldton , Western Australia in the 1960s .
Usucha creates a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .
The Society is based at Burlington House in Piccadilly , London .
A `` landfall '' should not be confused with a `` direct hit '' , which happens when the core of high winds -LRB- or eyewall -RRB- comes over the land but the center of the storm stays over water .
During the reign of Glele -LRB- 1858-89 -RRB- , who ruled after Ghezo , the area was given to France by a treaty signed on May 19 , 1868 .
The orbit of Amalthea has an eccentricity of 0.003 and an inclination of 0.37 Â relative to the equator of Jupiter .
Glaucoma is the second cause of blindness of the world .
The main characters are a friendly purple hippopotamus called Peter Potamus and his friend So-So the monkey .
For example , in the United Kingdom a third party is a national political party other than the Conservative Party and Labor Party that has a presence in the House of Commons .
The use of images of living or recently deceased individuals is , in some jurisdictions , restricted by laws pertaining to personality rights , independent from their copyright status .
Speakers of Algonquian languages stretch from the east coast of North America all the way to the Rocky Mountains .
After Sanger 's departure , Nupedia increasingly became an afterthought to Wikipedia ; of the Nupedia articles that completed the review process , only two did so after 2001 .
The covalent radius , rcov , is a measure of the size of an atom that forms part of one covalent bond .
These signs were followed by great famine , and on January 8th of the same year , the ravaging of heathen men destroyed God 's church at Lindesfarne . ''
Through levying enormous customs duties , Prussia accelerated the collapse of the Commonwealth .
Coulonvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Rodelinghem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder -LRB- formerly known as the Major Brothers -RRB- were an American professional wrestling tag team signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where Hawkins currently wrestles on its SmackDown brand as well as its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling , while Ryder currently wrestles on its Raw brand .
If some of the row -LRB- not entirely -RRB- still breaks , possibly the infobox width is too short and forcing some of the text description within the route diagram template toâ return .
In 1953 , UNICEF became a permanent part of the United Nations System and its name was shortened from the original United Nations International Children 's Emergency Fund but it has continued to be known by the popular acronym based on this old name .
In 1934 , his entry was second in the Health Council Competition and , in 1935 , won a poster competition for the London City Council .
The team has a point cap that all the competitors in play at a given time must fit under .
The mating process are different in different regions .
In 1455 Gutenberg published his 42-line Bible , known as the Gutenberg Bible .
She attended the Chapin School in New York City , along with the Bouvier sisters , Jacqueline and Lee .
His second daughter Maria Luisa known in the family as Louison would marry Philip V of Spain in 1701 and was also regent of Spain for various periods .
This is normally to provide a night service to destinations served by tube or train during the day .
Often an Old English letter was worn on the chest .
433 Eros is the first found Near-Earth asteroid named after the Greek god of love , Eros -LRB- Greek á 1\/4 Ï Ï Ï -RRB- .
The stadium was constructed as a main stadium for the 13th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989 .
Cybermen have a number of weaknesses over the years .
Auregnais , Aoeur ` gnaeux or Aurignais was the Norman dialect of the Channel Island of Alderney -LRB- French : Aurigny , Auregnais : Aoeur ` gny\/Auregny -RRB- .
Okemah is a city in Okfuskee County , Oklahoma , United States .
-LRB- ... This content is initially hidden ... -RRB-
Montenol is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Wikipedia articles should be based on reliable , published secondary sources and , to a lesser extent , on tertiary sources .
It made landfall in Tampa Bay , near Fort Brooke and Tampa , where tides rose 15 f and the barometric pressure dipped to 28.18 i. It crossed to the east coast where it damaged houses , caused flooding and interfered with shipping .
Eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil .
The precursors of chess originated in India during the Gupta empire , where its early form in the 6th century was known as -LRB- -LRB- chaturanga -RRB- -RRB- , which translates as `` four divisions -LRB- of the military -RRB- '' : infantry , cavalry , elephantry , and chariotry , represented by the pieces that would evolve into the modern pawn , knight , bishop , and rook , respectively .
The rest of Indonesia is part of the Indomalayan ecozone .
It joins the Moselle in Riol .
Prior to the first world war the two mayors were elected for one-year-terms .
In 1969 , Quaker acquired Fisher-Price , a toy company and spun it off in 1991 .
In Oedipus at Colonus , the banished Oedipus and his daughters Antigone and Ismene arrive at the town of Colonus where they encounter Theseus , King of Athens .
Pakistan Time -LRB- PKT -RRB- is the time zone for Pakistan . It is 5 hours ahead of GMT\/UTC -LRB- UTC +05:00 -RRB- .
Ashville is a city in St. Clair County , Alabama , United States part of the Birmingham-Hoover-Cullman Combined Statistical Area .
In 2006 , Fey worked on a movie script for Paramount Pictures , which was to feature Sacha Baron Cohen , by the name of Curly Oxide and Vic Thrill , based loosely on the true story of a Hasidic rock musician .
Since the series debut in 1964 , there were different songs that served as the show 's main theme .
Chagai is the largest district of Pakistan and is located on the north west corner of Balochistan , Pakistan .
There she studied music and helped her songwriting writing essays on art , religion , social issues and politics .
Lauper has released 11 albums and over 40 singles , and as of 2008 had sold more than 30 million records worldwide .
Soon every gathering was being called an ' - In ' of some kind . Rowan & Martin 's Laugh-In , a television comedy series , began to appear on NBC just a year later , January 22 , 1968 .
In September , at the , Hamilton took his second win of the season .
In 1975 , at the age of 37 , he shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine with Howard Temin and Renato Dulbecco .
The non-program content of Debian began to comply with the DFSG more strictly in Debian 4.0 -LRB- released in April 2007 -RRB- and subsequent releases .
Several options presented here have been discussed , months ago , in the talk-page , Template_talk : Convert .
Henry the VII or Henry Tudor -LRB- 28 January 1457 â `` 21 April 1509 -RRB- was king of England from 1485 to 1509 .
He began his career at 14 in the American Southwest as a scout and tracker for the U.S. Army in the Apache Wars and Cheyenne Wars .
Lake McDonald is the largest lake in Glacier National Park .
In the qiblah wall , usually at its center , is the mihrab , a niche or depression indicating the direction of Mecca .
Raised in Stenhamra , a suburb of Stockholm , Sweden , he broke through as a producer and songwriter in the mid 1990s after crafting a string of hits for pop artists like the Backstreet Boys , Britney Spears , \* NSYNC , Robyn , Kelly Clarkson , Katy Perry , and Pink , among many others .
But in 1964 , with the political emancipation of Ipatinga and TimÃ teo , Coronel Fabriciano longer hosts them .
The coast on the opposite side goes from Gibraltar Point to the mouth of the River Welland and is all in Lincolnshire .
The massacre occurred in My Trach Village , My Thuy Commune , Lá '' Thá '' y District , Quang Binh Province , Bac Trung Bo , Vietnam from 12 pm to 2 am on 29 November 1947 .
Hull has been a market town , military supply port , trading center , fishing and whaling port , and industrial giant .
The left side -LRB- see left heart -RRB- collects oxygenated blood from the lungs into the left atrium . From the left atrium the blood moves to the left ventricle , through the bicuspid valve , which pumps it out to the body -LRB- via the aorta -RRB- .
She is the daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru , who was also Prime Minister of India .
It was early-days Moog work and it did take a bit of time '' .
These warriors did not in fact help the taifa emirs but rather annexed their lands to their own North African empires .
It is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide .
The glands were named after the physician who described them first in Western medical literature , Alexander Skene .
The early Christian community showed some awareness that the book was not actually authored by Solomon , as the Muratorian fragment notes that the book was `` written by the friends of Solomon in his honor . ''
Sir Christopher Wren -LRB- 20 October 1632 â `` 25 February 1723 -RRB- was a 17th century English designer , astronomer and geometer .
On 5 February 2010 , Campos boss AdriÃ n Campos told BBC Sport that the team were struggling to find funding .
It was released on April 4 , 2006 .
Natural fatty acids commonly have a chain of four to 28 carbon atoma -LRB- usually unbranched and even numbered -RRB- , which may be saturated or unsaturated .
Mareuil-en-D Ã le is a commune .
They became friends at Oxford and following Hamilton 's death in 2000 , Dawkins wrote his obituary and organised a secular memorial service .
The University of Michiganâ `` Dearborn is a university in Dearborn , Michigan , United States .
In 1978 , he founded Tenzing Norgay Adventures , a company providing trekking adventures in the Himalayas .
Toft became pregnant in 1726 , but later miscarried .
Lasker tried to support himself by giving chess and bridge lectures and exhibitions , as he was now too old for serious competition .
The suitcase was on its way to another airliner at Narita .
Eunuchs in China have been known to usurp power in many eras of Chinese history , most notably in the Later Han , late Tang and late Ming Dynasties .
Wilfried Hannes -LRB- born 17 May , 1957 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Although the biggest asteroid apart from the `` big four '' , Interamnia is not studied a lot .
Inverurie Loco Works F.C. , playing their matches at Harlaw Park , are the local Highland League football team and Aberdeen F.C. is the nearest Scottish Premier League team .
Cluster headache is a nerve disease .
The original asteroid was not disturbed heavily : the original body is calculated to have been 60 km in diameter , about the same size as PasiphaÃ `` ; PasiphaÃ `` has 99 % of the original body 's mass. .
There is also a group called ` American sparrows ' , or New World sparrows .
Since the opening in 1982 , the Tsuen Wan Line is the only line whose alignment has virtually remained the same for the past 23 years . For example , the Kwun Tong Line 's alignment has changed twice since its opening â '' the taking over of Tsuen Wan Line from Mong Kok to Central , and the taking over of Eastern Harbour Crossing section by the Tseung Kwan O Line .
His ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time .
Everton usually wear royal blue shirts with white shorts and blue socks .
The Werra has its source near Eisfeld in southern Thuringia .
Anthony Joseph Principi -LRB- born April 16 , 1944 -RRB- was the 4th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
An angle was then created between James and Melina , beginning on January 29 , 2007 , when Melina became the number one contender for the Women 's Title .
Piraeus is the third largest municipality in Greece with an official population of 175,697 -LRB- in 2001 -RRB- .
One example might be a telephone in the lobby of a public building , which is programmed to ring only the number of a telephone dispatcher .
Norton 360 , developed by Symantec , is marketed as an `` all-in-one '' security suite .
However , younger editors may need advice on editing the Simple English Wikipedia â `` this page aims to be your guide .
We can afford to take our time to improve articles , to wait before deleting a new article until its lack of significance is unambiguously established .
Elroy Finn is also following in his father and brother 's musical footsteps as drummer for the psychobilly band The Tricks and has been filling in on drums for Cut Off Your Hands .
The move polarised opinion ; some saw it as more accurate and modern , while others disliked the brown color chosen for the landmass and the presumed high cost of the graphics .
In 1950 , over objections from the Soviet Union , the UN General Assembly voted by 46 votes to 5 to extend Lie 's term of office .
Interstate 72 -LRB- I-72 -RRB- is an Interstate Highway in the midwestern United States .
Today almost all Christadelphians belong to the main `` Central '' fellowship . But , following some disagreements , there have been different groups of Christadelphians :
Cities in Australia .
The major pizza restaurants in Malaysia are Domino 's , Pizza Hut , Papa John 's , Jom Pizza , Sure Pizza and etc.
-LRB- As a result of Gaedel 's appearance , all contracts must now be approved by the Commissioner of Baseball before a player can appear in a game . -RRB-
This was not her first Olympiad : she has a total of ten Olympiad Medals -LRB- five Gold , four Silver , and one Bronze -RRB- .
Heuvelland is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Hayato Sasaki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
The songs for the new dub retained the same translation as the previous dub , but were sung by Sonya Isaacs .
The validity of this record is analysed\/undermined in mathematical and atmospheric detail by J.C. Ferranti .
Her first movie work was a small role in the 1994 movie Camp Nowhere .
It was a royal residence for a short time only , when Frederick , Prince of Wales , father of King George III , lived there 1737-1741 , after his marriage in 1736 to Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha , daughter of Frederick II , Duke of Saxe-Gotha .
All Michael Jackson - Billie Jean lyrics , artist names and images are copyrighted to their respective owners .
Hydroplaning or aquaplaning by the tires of a road vehicle , aircraft or sometimes roller coaster occurs when a layer of water builds between the rubber tires of the vehicle and the road surface , leading to the loss of traction and thus preventing the vehicle from responding to control inputs such as steering , braking or accelerating .
We hope and rely -LRB- trust -RRB- on thy -LRB- your -RRB- care and assistance -LRB- help -RRB- in this affair and that thou -LRB- you -RRB- wilt -LRB- will -RRB- procure -LRB- get -RRB- and forward it by the first good oppo as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the Bell before their Scaffolds are struck from the Building where we intend -LRB- wish -RRB- to place it which will not be done 'till the end of next Summer or beginning of the Fall .
After the Second World War was over , the UstaÅ e who had managed to escape from Yugoslav territory -LRB- including PaveliÄ -RRB- were smuggled to South America .
During the period of controversy over the names of the elements -LRB- see element naming controversy -RRB- IUPAC adopted unniloctium -LRB- symbol Uno -RRB- as a temporary element name for this element .
The series has hosted its rounds since , with the exception of the 2004 closure , the circuit became the first to take place on an international level racetrack and the first of the three to take place on an F1 circuit .
Regular flights from Peshawar and Islamabad are run by the PIA .
Calvinism became the theological system of the majority in Scotland -LRB- see John Knox -RRB- , the Netherlands , and parts of Germany and was influential in France , Hungary , Transylvania , and Poland .
Its name is most commonly pronounced as `` Seven Oh Seven '' .
On 14 August the Italians began to encircle the British defenders from their eastern positions , and the defenders ' situation started to look critical .
The III-S strain covers itself with a polysaccharide capsule that protects it from the host 's immune system .
Barvas -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : Barabhas -RRB- is a settlement and a former parish -LRB- until 1975 -RRB- in the Isle of Lewis in Scotland .
With last known speaker and\/or date of death .
Bouffignereux is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
He grew to be known as one of LÃ 1\/4 Bu 's best commanders .
On the establishment of the Commune , she joined the National Guard .
The film was released on April 10 , 2009 in the United States and Canada .
Pattern matching is checking if a certain pattern is present .
Adults are colored green on their upperparts and breast .
Polish poets , politicians , noblemen , writers , artists , many of whom were forced to emigrate -LRB- thus the term Great Emigration -RRB- became the revolutionaries of the 19th century , as desire for freedom and liberty became one of the defining parts of Polish romanticism .
Major floods cut transport links to the town , briefly isolating it from the outside world .
Although his Turkish works are written in Azerbaijani , he knew both the Ottoman and the Chagatai Turkish literary traditions as well .
How to Grow a Woman from the Ground takes influence from several musical genres , â drawing equally from traditional bluegrass , progressive acoustic , and singer-songwriter traditionsâ . One music critic called the album â roots orientedâ .
Tosh 's first big career break came in 2001 with his performance on the Late Show with David Letterman .
He completed his final grandmaster norm at age 14 years , 4 months , in 2005 .
These fluids serve to carry the solids cut by the drilling bit back to the surface .
This limit normally lies about 1200 m above the sea on the north side of the Alps . On the southern slopes , it often reaches to 1500 m , sometimes even to 1700 m.
John Anthony Tenta -LRB- June 22 , 1963 â `` June 7 , 2006 -RRB- was a Canadian professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with WWF under the ring names , Earthquake and Golga and World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- under the ring names , Avalanche and The Shark .
The altitude of Borith is roughly 2,600 m -LRB- 8,500 feet -RRB- above sea level .
Longfellow , despite his aversion to public speaking , accepted an offer from Joshua Chamberlain to speak at his fiftieth reunion at Bowdoin College ; he read the poem `` Morituri Salutamus '' so quietly that few could hear him .
Ray 's first film , Pather Panchali , won eleven international prizes , including Best Human Document at Cannes Film Festival .
The Secretary also serves on and appoints the private citizens on the National Park Foundation board .
The whole Belgian North Sea coast , an important tourism destination , lies in West Flanders .
The White-dotted Cattleheart may be encountered in pine-oak forests .
His short fiction has been collected in The Visible Man -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , Geodesic Dreams -LRB- a best-of collection -RRB- , Slow Dancing through Time -LRB- 1990 , with other authors -RRB- , and Strange Days -LRB- 2001 , another best-of collection -RRB- .
However , Sukhoi sold aircraft to Iran , and thus the United States banned Sukhoi from ever doing business with them again .
He was given an enthusiastic reception , played several exhibitions , many casual games , a match for stakes of Â # 50 with a wealthy amateur , and slightly more serious matches with New World professionals . The match with the Cuban champion Celso Golmayo ZÃ pide was abandoned when Steinitz was leading -LRB- eight wins , one draw , one loss -RRB- .
Electrostatics involves the buildup of charge on the surface of objects due to contact with other surfaces .
The Town of Palm Beach -LRB- called Palm Beach Island or the Island of Palm Beach to differentiate between the town and the county -RRB- is an highly affluent incorporated town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
Strong acids dissolve gallium , forming gallium -LRB- III -RRB- salts such as -LRB- -LRB- gallium -LRB- III -RRB- sulfate -RRB- -RRB- and -LRB- -LRB- gallium -LRB- III -RRB- nitrate -RRB- -RRB- .
Mirpur Mathelo is a town in Ghotki District , Sindh province , Pakistan .
His sister Caroline returned to Hanover , Germany after the death of her brother .
While the law was chasing down the fictitious killer during the late hours , the group of Bay Minette men stealthily traveled the seventeen miles -LRB- 27 km -RRB- to the City of Daphne , stole the Baldwin County Courthouse records , and delivered them to the City of Bay Minette - where Baldwin County 's County Seat remains to this day .
They rasp at the flesh using their radula , a rough tongue-like organ that has thousands of tiny denticles -LRB- tooth-like protrusions -RRB- .
They are increasing in popularity due to demand for large peanuts for processing , particularly for salting , confections , and roasting in the shells .
Aude -LRB- Occitan : Aude -RRB- is a department in south-central France named after the Aude River .
Porta Alchemica -LRB- English : alchemical door -RRB- , or Alchemy Gate or Magic Portal , is an ancient monument built between 1678 and 1680 by Massimiliano Palombara marquis of Pietraforte -LRB- 1614-1680 -RRB- in his residence , Palombara villa , located in the east of Rome on the Esquilino hill in a position almost corresponding to Piazza Vittorio , where today was placed .
The present overall density of the Universe is very low , roughly 9.9 Ã -- 10 â 30 grams per cubic centimetre .
The Seven Network showed the games on television .
Each container was marked with the flag of a team , one the flag of Germany , and the other the flag of Germany 's opponent .
Boa Kwon -LRB- born 5 November 1986 in Guri , Gyeonggi-do , South Korea -RRB- is a South Korean singer . She is commonly known by her stage name BoA .
The Cherry Tomato is a type of tomato that is a fruit .
It is also referred to as safer sex , or protected sex , while unsafe sex or unprotected sex is sexual activity engaged in without precautions to protect against sexually transmitted infections .
Elimination Chamber -LRB- 2010 -RRB- -LRB- also known as No Way Out -LRB- 2010 -RRB- in Germany -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on February 21 , 2010 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis , Missouri .
The Siamang is the largest of the lesser apes . It can grow to be twice the size of other gibbons .
Like most arthropods , spiders lack balance and acceleration sensors and rely on their eyes to tell them which way is up .
In 1994 David Fanshawe composed an extra movement for a new recording of the work , the Dona Nobis Pacem - A Hymn for World Peace , which completed the Agnus Dei .
The 150th anniversary was celebrated in 2003 .
In the first episode , a university professor named Dr. Paradigm tested his gene-manipulation techniques on a marlin and a lobster .
Elvis Jacob Stahr , Jr. .
Elysian Park is the easternmost part of the mountains and is bordered by the Los Angeles River to the east .
With Korso 's help , Cale learns that the ring his father gave to him can help him find the Titan .
Iry-Hor or Ro -LRB- as read by Petrie -RRB- was a Predynastic pharaoh of ancient Egypt , although some archaeologists are doubtful of his existence .
The remains of the Imperial Family were buried in 1998 . At that time , a body that measured about 5 feet , 7 inches -LRB- 170 cm -RRB- was buried as the body of Anastasia .
She and Jackie had three children : Jackie Robinson Jr. -LRB- born November 18 , 1946 -RRB- , Sharon Robinson -LRB- born January 13 , 1950 -RRB- , and David Robinson -LRB- born May 14 , 1952 -RRB- .
Lagorce is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Lennon said of the song , `` Paul wrote it in the Cavern days .
Terry won his fourth straight Immunity Challenge , and the former Casaya alliance was forced to vote out one of their own .
It is the county seat of Pasco County .
Carly Gullickson and Travis Parrott were the defending champions , but lost in the first round to Gisela Dulko and Pablo Cuevas 2 â `` 6 , 4 â `` 6 .
The distance and geological features only aided the longevity of this linguistic oasis for over one and half thousand years .
How one answers the first question largely depends on the answer to the second question : should we interpret the jar to function as a prison , or a pantry ?
They can be taught dance routines and remember them .
Twenty Emmys were awarded to writers , actors , and crew members .
deb is the extension of the Debian software package format and the most often used name for such binary packages .
Gaga felt that she was more creative than some of her classmates .
Anderlecht is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region .
Just south of Jenner is Goat Rock Beach , a unit within the Sonoma Coast State Beach .
For example , given :
JarosÅ aw KaczyÅ ski -LRB- born 18 June 1949 -RRB- is a Polish politician .
Union assaults against the Sunken Road eventually pierced the Confederate center , but the Federal advantage was not followed up .
Twix was called Raider in Austria , Belgium , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and Norway for many years before its name was changed in 1991 -LRB- 2000 in Finland , Denmark , Norway , Sweden and Turkey -RRB- .
Edge , the twenty-ninth entrant , won the match by last eliminating John Cena , the nineteenth entrant .
During the campaign he was attacked with a knife by a mentally deranged woman after a speech in Cologne .
In 1920 he was Professor of the Franz Liszt Academy in Budapest .
The Tate Gallery was first started in a building at Millbank , London .
DÃ 1\/4 rer either drew his design directly onto the woodblock itself , or glued a paper drawing to the block .
His successor Thimo was imprisoned for five years , and suffered a horrible death in 1102 .
According to the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes , 70 % of critics gave the film positive reviews , based on 53 reviews .
Pitchfork Media , usually known simply as Pitchfork or P4k , is a Chicago-based daily Internet publication devoted to music criticism and commentary , music news , and artist interviews .
The metacarpus consists of metacarpal bones .
Lucas married Ivy Nancekivell in 1926 and took over the family farm .
These sports include cricket , rugby , and the Australian Football League .
The album was released as a double disc , the first disc contained songs performed live the other disc contained the new studio recorded songs .
Cold fronts can also move up to twice as fast as warm fronts .
Monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to other tissues will then differentiate into tissue resident macrophages or dendritic cells .
Rivers and his parents come together to support Uncle Daddy .
for two more years .
Wamsley has also made appearances on other sitcoms including My Wife and Kids , The Nanny , and Beyond Belief : Fact or Fiction .
The sleet changed back to snow by the next morning in Washington , D.C. , and soon ended .
She was the daughter of Okeanos and Tethys , and with Pallas was also the mother of Zelus , Nike , Cratos , and Bia -LRB- and sometimes Eos -RRB- .
Analysis of the Romani language has shown that it is closely related to those spoken in central and northern India , Pothwari in particular .
She was the only competitor who earned eights in program components marks in both the short program and the free skate at the competition .
Of all the Gundam Meisters , Tieria is the most enigmatic , with an unknown past and a peculiar connection with the Innovators .
He was appointed to serve as Acting President , with all the accompanying powers , until when and if Yar ` Adua returned to full health .
Walker Percy -LRB- May 28 , 1916 -- May 10 , 1990 -RRB- was an American Southern author whose interests included philosophy and semiotics .
Tecpan bore the brunt of the storm , reporting heavy damage .
Narowal Tehsil is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Opium Wars , also known as the Anglo-Chinese Wars , divided into the First Opium War from 1839 to 1842 and the Second Opium War from 1856 to 1860 , were the climax of disputes over trade and diplomatic relations between China under the Qing Dynasty and the British Empire .
In modern Spanish , the word alcatraz stands for gannet .
Saint-F Ã lix-de-Foncaude is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Greek style mills are the older and simpler of the two designs , but only operate well with high water velocities and with small diameter millstones .
The DLR station opened , with the Beckton Branch , on the 28 March , 1994 .
Benoit 's father suggests that brain damage may have been the leading cause of the crime .
Herodotus estimates that Homer lived 400 years before Herodotus ' own time , which would place him at around 850 BC ; while other ancient sources claim that he lived much nearer to the supposed time of the Trojan War , in the early 12th Century BC .
In the United Kingdom , `` hot chocolate '' is a sweet chocolate drink made with hot milk or water , and powder containing chocolate , sugar , and powdered milk .
She was born October 13 , 1980 in Glen Cove , New York .
`` It has always been my dream to bring Formula One to India , '' he told a news conference on the sidelines of the launch of Force India 's car in 2008 .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' is one of Poe 's most famous short stories , and it is widely considered a classic of the Gothic fiction genre .
This mineral 's metallic lustre and pale-to-normal , brass-yellow color have earned it the nickname fool 's gold because of its resemblance to gold .
The 2014 FIFA World cup will be the 20th FIFA World Cup being held in Brazil .
Aix-en-Issart is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Further , CHIP has duly built the capacity of these local entities to take new initiatives .
Historically , most absinthes contain between 50 and 75 percent alcohol by volume -LRB- 100 to 150 proof -RRB- .
Because the Astra-Based Zafira MPV debuted when the Sintra finished production in 1999 , sometimes it is said that the Zafira replaced the Sintra , but actually Opel never had another Large MPV after the Sintra , and then eventually Opel abandoned the Large MPV style in Europe .
The iBook is a line of discontinued laptop computers sold by Apple Inc. between 1999 and 2006 .
Acacia -LRB- or -RRB- is a genus of shrubs and trees belonging to the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae , first described in Africa by the Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus in 1773 .
Examples of everyday heat engines include : the steam engine , the diesel engine , and the gasoline -LRB- petrol -RRB- engine in an automobile .
The first made by Hollywood Pictures was Arachnophobia in 1990 .
Most Buddhists in Punjab reverted to Hinduism from 600 AD onwards .
The game has been heavily attacked by some critics , who claim that it supports pornography and murder .
In 1920 the orchestra hired Henry Hadley as `` associate conductor '' given specific responsibility for the `` Americanization '' of the orchestra : each of Hadley 's concerts featured at least one work by an American-born composer .
He became famous when he appeared in Julian Mitchell 's play and movie Another Country playing an openly homosexual student at an English public school in the 1930s .
The solution is very acidic .
Wantage sits at the crossing of the B4507 valley road , the A417 Reading to Cirencester road and the A338 Hungerford -LRB- and junction 14 of the M4 motorway -RRB- to Oxford road .
Associazione Sportiva Andria BAT is an Italian football club , based in Andria , Apulia .
Like velocity , momentum is a vector quantity , possessing a direction as well as a magnitude .
All results were counted -LRB- not just best eleven rounds -RRB- .
He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
The first seal was made by Harry Edwards and cost $ 65.00 .
The Canadian monarch 's viceroy , the governor general , serves as the Prior and Chief Officer in Canada , while the provincial viceroys the lieutenant governors act as the Vice-Priors , overseeing the administration of the order in their respective province .
The following teams and drivers competed in the 1998 FIA Formula One World Championship .
In 1605 , the Dutch established trading posts in the Coromandel Coast near Gingee and in Pulicat .
The actual site of Kaika 's grave is not known .
They have a history of being difficult , so they 've had a lot of practice , and know all the tricks to upsetting people .
Each test has a 5 % chance of producing a false positive , so such a study will produce 3 false positives about two times in three .
Rocks here have been exposed from beneath the retreating Arnhem escarpment ; they are of volcanic origin and are extremely old -LRB- 2500 million years -RRB- .
Repentant and rededicated , Faith returned as a heroine in a number of further episodes of Angel and in the last five episodes of Buffy .
The film is based on The Lightning Thief , the first novel in the Percy Jackson & The Olympians series by Rick Riordan .
Due to the Celtic heritage of many whites living in Appalachia , a series of prolonged violent engagements in late - nineteenth-century Kentucky and West Virginia were referred to commonly as feuds , a tendency that was partly due to the nineteenth-century popularity of William Shakespeare and Sir Walter Scott , both of whom wrote semihistorical accounts of blood feuds .
This further supports the hypothesis that the common ancestor of all squirrels living and fossil lived in North America , as these three most ancient lineages seem to have radiated from there â `` if squirrels had originated in Eurasia for example , one would expect quite ancient lineages in Africa , but African squirrels seem to be of more recent origin .
Throughout its seven seasons and a total of 144 episodes , Buffy , and by extension Gellar , became cult icons in the United States , Canada , the UK and Australia , particularly as an archetype of an `` empowered '' woman .
He continued his preparation by racing the Tour de Suisse .
That night , Aang sleepwalks to a forest not to be found in the morning .
Troll 2 had been about goblins , while Troll 3 is about killer plants .
The Navierâ `` Stokes equations in their full and simplified forms help with the design of aircraft and cars , the study of blood flow , the design of power stations , the analysis of pollution , and many other things .
â Haykâ Studio of Documental Films will collaborate with producers in the United States , to bring this exceptional project to life .
Mirza married Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik on April 12 , 2010 .
Worth , by now a junior partner in the firm , urged his partners to expand into dressmaking , but they hesitated to risk their reputation in a business as low-class as dressmaking .
In the 16th and 17th centuries , it became more acceptable for doctors to dissect bodies to discover the cause of death .
The men 's world record of 2.45 metres was set in 1993 by Javier Sotomayor -LRB- Cuba -RRB- .
Mumia Abu-Jamal -LRB- born Wesley Cook on April 24 , 1954 -RRB- is an American who was convicted and sentenced to death for the 1981 murder of police officer Daniel Faulkner .
When free trade was established in Cologne by the French in 1797 , the success of Eau de Cologne prompted countless other businessmen to sell their own fragrances under the name of Eau de Cologne .
Laredo International Airport is within the Laredo city limits , while the Quetzalcoatl International Airport is nearby in Nuevo Laredo in Mexico .
He taught at Bangalore University in 1965 and , during the 1980s , at Tokyo University , People 's University -LRB- now Renmin University of China -RRB- and the University of Indonesia .
For human applications , three primary colors are usually used , since human color vision is trichromatic .
Some of the 2nd-century Roman wall has survived to this day .
Blesmes is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
He was soon sent to North America to fight in the Revolutionary War . He fought in the Brooklyn in August 1776 , as well as at Brandywine , Germantown and Monmouth Court House before finally being taken prisoner at the final Battle of Yorktown in 1781 .
Mike and Marcus have mentioned the documentary films of the National Film Board of Canada , from which the group 's name is derived , as a source of inspiration .
PhÃ c sustained third-degree burns to half her body and was not expected to live after the attack by South Vietnamese aircraft .
This category contains an alphabetical list of musicians who were members of the Chapel Royal .
The moon was credited for causing Neptune 's ring arcs when Voyager 2 observed Neptune in 1989 .
Margherita di Savoia or Margaret of Savoy -LRB- born November 20 , 1851 in Turin , died January 4 , 1926 in Bordighera -RRB- , was an Italian queen of the Kingdom of Italy during the reign -LRB- 1878-1900 -RRB- of her husband , Humbert I.
The City of Manchester Stadium has won a number of design awards , including the 2004 Royal Institute of British Architects Inclusive Design Award for inclusive building design , and the 2003 Institution of Structural Engineers Structural Special Award .
They are responsible for the metallic blues , greens , golds , and silvers often seen on cuttlefish .
Tin is also used to make pewter , which is mainly tin mixed with a small amount of copper and other metals . Babbitt metal also has tin in it .
\* -LRB- ^ 0 - x -RRB- .
In addition to barnstars , there are several other awards .
Electrophysiology is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues .
It is one of the eastern termini -LRB- end stations -RRB- of the North TransPennine route operated by First TransPennine Express .
Bald in the English name is from the word piebald , which means , `` one with a white head '' .
One has to understand the data model of enterprise beans in order to write effective queries .
Please check your spelling , or use the link below to create a new user account .
United Airlines wanted a four-engined plane for flights to high-altitude airports , especially its hub at Stapleton International Airport at Denver , Colorado .
A recognition signal is a signal where a person , a ship , an airplane or something else is recognized .
The word `` transgender '' should be used as an adjective rather than a nounâ '' for example , `` Max is transgender '' or `` Max is a transgender man '' rather than `` Max is a transgender . ''
This did not occur , and Mike kept its persistent westward motion .
In a few cases , outside interests coincide with Wikipediaâ s interests .
Because of this , the WWF 's opponent allegedly lacked the strong identity of WCW .
VÃ ttern is also noted for its fishing , serving people in the nearby districts .
This article is about the peninsula located in the Australian state of Queensland ; not the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia , or Cape York , Greenland .
Main staples of the bat 's diet include small flies -LRB- Chloropidae , Agromyzidae , and Anthomyiidae -RRB- , hymenopterans , and psocopterans .
Brisbane 's major Association football and Rugby league venue , Suncorp Stadium filled with water up to 2 m deep , reaching the third or fourth row of seats .
Imogene is a city in Fremont County , Iowa , United States .
This macro is used on a nnnn singles category to standardize the information on the category page where nnnn is the year .
However , by 1902 Punnett was back at Cambridge working in zoology , primarily the study of nematode worms .
This would not occur until the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season , which saw an unprecedented 28 storms and 6 Greek names .
Considering its terrain and its latitude of about 57 to 58 degrees North , the area is surprisingly warm : this is due to the mild influence of the Gulf Stream .
Other common names include `` jibÃ ia '' -LRB- Brazil -RRB- and `` macajuel '' -LRB- Trinidadian , pronounced mah-cah-well -RRB- .
The Red Cross had to provide food and shelter to 63,000 people in the hurricane 's wake , costing to about 166 million dollars .
Sheamus defended the WWE Championship against Triple H , Ted DiBiase , Randy Orton , John Cena , and Kofi Kingston in the Raw Elimination Chamber .
Movable type , which allowed individual characters to be arranged to form words and which is an invention separate from the printing press , had also been invented in , but not known outside of , China .
MÃ nerbes is a commune of 1,157 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
In the late 1970s Harrison formed a film production company , Handmade Films , which produced movies including Monty Python 's Life of Brian and Terry Gilliam 's Time Bandits .
The webpages of `` Google Search Basics '' describe each of these additional queries and options -LRB- see below : Search options -RRB- .
Holy Week -LRB- Latin : Hebdomas Sancta or Hebdomas Maior , `` Greater Week '' ; Greek : Î Î Î Î Î '' Î á 1\/4 Î Î Î Î 1\/4 Î Ï , Megale Hebdomas -RRB- in Christianity is the last week of Lent and the week before Easter .
Johnny Marr -LRB- born John Martin Maher ; 31 October 1963 -RRB- is an English songwriter , guitarist , keyboardist , harmonica player , and singer .
The government 's intention was to tender the entire project , based on the British design , as a single tender at a fixed price .
In September , Heidfeld was signed by Sauber to replace Pedro de la Rosa .
In 1930 , Wisconsin became the first state to officially adopt Leif Erikson Day as a state holiday .
Lubbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
The large termination payouts generated negative press and Botin was eventually brought to trial on criminal charges of `` misappropriation of funds '' and `` irresponsible management . ''
Immediately above 39\/F is 50\/F , leading many who are not aware of tetraphobia to believe that some floors are missing .
It was released on December 28 , 1992 through Ruthless and Priority Records and was his first release since the break-up of N.W.A. 5150 : Home 4 tha Sick peaked at 70 on the Billboard 200 and 15 on the Top R&B \/ Hip-Hop Albums .
An interchange is a location where two things meet , usually perform some kind of exchange , and possibly go on their ways again .
Daniel Inouye -LRB- D-HI -RRB- is the President pro tempore . When the Vice President can not be in charge , the President pro tempore is in charge of the Senate .
Osly-Courtil is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
After the murder of Gratian in 383 , Ausonius retired to his estates near Burdigala -LRB- now Bordeaux -RRB- in Gaul .
The institution had its origins in a meeting initiated by Dr Benjamin Golding in 1818 .
The Romans landed at Poole during their conquest of Britain in the 1st century and took over an Iron Age settlement at Hamworthy , an area just west of the modern town center . In Anglo-Saxon times , Poole was included in the Kingdom of Wessex .
A year later , Andrew Broughton , who was then Mayor of Maidstone -LRB- and also Clerk to the High Court of Justice -RRB- gave the death sentence to Charles I. Today there is a plaque in Maidstone Town Centre describing Andrew as ` Mayor and Regicide ' -LRB- a killer of kings -RRB- .
McEver also holds the record for career scoring at Tennessee among non-kickers .
Silvio Sergio Bonaccorsi Barbato -LRB- born Candeias -LRB- Minas Gerais -RRB- -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , 11 May 1959 ; died either in or over the mid-Atlantic Ocean , on the Air France Flight 447 , 1 June 2009 -RRB- was an Italian-Brazilian opera conductor and composer .
Yoshi 's Island DS was announced at E3 2006 under the name Yoshi 's Island 2 , originally featuring only baby versions of Mario , Peach , and DK .
Anna GÃ ldi -LRB- or Anna GÃ ldin , GÃ ldin is the female form of the name -RRB- -LRB- October 24,1734 - June 13 , 1782 -RRB- was probably the last person in Europe to be executed as a witch .
Guitars can vary both in the number of strings they have .
The Dipsacales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons .
NK cells distinguish infected cells and tumors from normal and uninfected cells by recognizing changes of a surface molecule called MHC -LRB- major histocompatibility complex -RRB- class I. NK cells are activated in response to a family of cytokines called interferons .
The English game brag -LRB- earlier bragg -RRB- clearly descended from brelan and incorporated bluffing -LRB- though the concept was known in other games by that time -RRB- .
Rather than simply quell the mutiny however , Germanicus rallied the mutineers and led them on a short campaign across the Rhine into Germanic territory , stating that whatever treasure they could grab would count as their bonus .
In Tamil Nadu , the Neolithic period had its advent around 2500 BCE .
The U.S. helped Saddam Hussein in the war with Iran , but with Iraq 's take over of the oil-rich emirate of Kuwait in August of 1990 the United States led a United Nations attempt that drove Saddam from Kuwait in February 1991 .
The band met at City of Sunderland College as a quartet consisting of Barry Hyde -LRB- vocals and guitar -RRB- , David `` Jaff '' Craig -LRB- bass -RRB- , Peter Brewis -LRB- drums -RRB- , and Ross Millard -LRB- vocals and guitar -RRB- .
He saw only reddish-yellow edges and blue-cyan edges with white between them , and the spectrum arose only where these edges came close enough to overlap .
Automatix allowed the menu-driven installation of 56 different â capabilitiesâ , including commercial closed source programs such as the Flash plugin , Acrobat Reader , multimedia codecs -LRB- DivX , MP3 , Windows Media Audio -RRB- and fonts , and programming compilers .
The topsawer had to be the stronger of the two because the saw was pulled in turn by each man , and the lower had the advantage of gravity .
The other Toa confronted the Visorak horde in a great battle , and convinced Vakama to rejoin them .
She lives in Los Angeles and Washington D.C. .
Robin 's egg blue is a color named after the bird 's eggs .
Field Marshal Shunroku Hata , was in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II .
Children 's Literature called the writing extraordinary and added , `` This book , sequel to The Lightning Thief , is an amazing mixture of mythology and young adult fiction . ''
Two separate American forts , Fort Knox -LRB- Kentucky -RRB- , and Fort Knox -LRB- Maine -RRB- were named after him .
Following these improvements , a 2002 audit showed an increase in availability of machines to 92.1 % at train stations , and 98.3 % on buses and trams .
There were no damages or fatalities reported from Tropical Storm Franklin .
Switzerland , with its substantial dairy industry , continues to use crates .
; Medallions In 2007 the Herbert Weichmann medallion -- named for the First Mayor Herbert Weichmann -LRB- in office 1965 -- 1971 -RRB- -- was granted for the first time by the city of Hamburg , honoring `` those - both Jewish and non-Jewish - who have contributed to Jewish life in Germany '' .
Also in the movie , he is able to stop the White Witch from being brought back from the dead by forcing his sword into the ice wall she is stuck in , smashing it .
It was named in August 2003 after the giant Siarnaq -LRB- also known as Sedna -RRB- in Inuit mythology , it is the biggest member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons .
Mark Kinsella -LRB- born 12 August 1972 -RRB- is a former Irish football player .
La RÃ orthe is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Geotechnical engineering is important in civil engineering , but is also used by military , mining , petroleum , or any other engineering concerned with construction on or in the ground . Geotechnical engineering uses principles of soil mechanics and rock mechanics to investigate subsurface conditions and materials ; determine the relevant physical\/mechanical and chemical properties of these materials ; evaluate stability of natural slopes and man-made soil deposits ; assess risks posed by site conditions ; design earthworks and structure foundations ; and monitor site conditions , earthwork and foundation construction
On September 8 a hurricane moved into Florida south of St. Augustine .
Londerzeel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
It is also known as La Charte . This was the second thing that began the July Revolution .
Husserl also identifies a series of `` formal words '' which are necessary to form sentences and have no sensible correlates .
Laveyrune is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Cavergno is not a free municipality anymore after merging with the village Bignasco to form the municipality Cevio .
`` Massive training is required to instill the courage to break with tradition .
His father Satish Narredu is a senior horse trainer and his uncle Malesh Narredu a champion jockey .
The name of motor ships are often prefixed with MS , M\/S , MV or M\/V .
Nevertheless , he won at Vienna in 1922 , ahead of future world champion Alexander Alekhine , and was the leader of the Polish team that won the Chess Olympiad at Hamburg in 1930 with a superb record of thirteen wins and four draws .
The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle is an order of chivalry associated with Scotland .
It started out with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , and has grown to have its new spin-off series with WarioWare , Inc. : Mega Microgame $ ! .
Athletics has been contested at every Summer Olympics since the birth of the modern Olympic movement at the 1896 Summer Olympics .
There were other crusades against Islamic forces in southern Spain , southern Italy , and Sicily , as well as the campaigns of Teutonic knights against pagan strongholds in Northeastern Europe -LRB- see Northern Crusades -RRB- .
In 1953 , Robinson had 109 runs , a .329 batting average , and 17 steals , . He led the Dodgers to another National League pennant -LRB- and another World Series loss to the Yankees , this time in six games -RRB- .
Noves is a commune of 4,845 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
It is the longest river in Antarctica .
Coach Troglio felt the burden of responsibility and quit his post on April 2 , 2007 .
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is the fifth Dragon King of Bhutan . He was born on 21 February 1980 .
Many fishermen secured their boats , while some business owners boarded up windows to prevent storm damage .
In distinction to such systems , modern Western laws do not acknowledge the legal status of concubines , and recognize only monogamous marriages .
Today , the wide tyres are still the standard in sport & racing cars .
Nundle was made a town in 1885 .
Knowles re-recorded the song at the SugarHill Studios in Houston , Texas in 2003 for her debut solo album , Dangerously in Love . Her version , which was technically titled `` Dangerously in Love 2 '' , features a modified arrangement .
Its military branch is the Caucasian Front .
It had a long , low , hornless skull and long frontal and nasal bones .
On the other two sides are agricultural areas .
The first map showing Cape Everard was by surveyor George Douglas Smythe , made in 1852 and published in 1853 .
All songs written by Lou Reed unless otherwise noted .
All the brooms and their relatives -LRB- including Laburnum and Ulex -RRB- are natives of Europe , north Africa and southwest Asia , with the greatest diversity in the Mediterranean region .
Christianity started out as a Jewish sect in the eastern Mediterranean .
Guy Rupert Berryman -LRB- born 12 April 1978 -RRB- is a Scottish guitarist . He is a member of the rock band Coldplay .
The single had vocals from Mali and debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 11 ; marking the duo 's second Top 40 hit in a row .
The chromosomes are depicted -LRB- by rearranging a microphotograph -RRB- in a standard format known as a karyogram or idiogram : in pairs , ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size .
Despite the shortcomings of length , weight , bearing friction , and torsional vibrations that led to the straight-8 's post-war demise , the straight-8 was the performance engine design of choice from the late 1920s to the late 1940s , and continued to excel in motorsport until the mid-1950s .
A second encounter , on 23 October , finished off Brutus 's forces , and he committed suicide in turn , leaving the triumvirate in control of the Roman Republic .
Jiro Kamata is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Vegalta Sendai .
An Invisible Sign is based on the book by Aimee Bender .
`` But they , I am sure , will join us in saying , as we bid farewell to the dust of these martyr-heroes , the glorious annals of our common country , there will be no brighter page than that which relates the Battles of Gettysburg '' .
O'Connor first came to the attention of Xena : Warrior Princess executive producers Robert G. Tapert and Sam Raimi with an `` over-the-top '' audition that won her the role of the young Deianeira in their two-hour `` Action Pack '' adventure `` Hercules and the Lost Kingdom '' .
The Division of Biology he established at the California Institute of Technology has produced seven Nobel Prize winners .
The type specimen or holotype of Sinovenator changii is IVPP 12615 , a partial skull and disarticulated skeleton .
Loreto is Peru 's most northern region .
Typically one part has a spike at its end , and the other part a pencil , or sometimes a pen .
In 2003 he wrote the book Mektig og avmektig : Tore TÃ nne , media og maktspillet bak kulissene , which followed Tore TÃ nne 's last days before his suicide .
Scottish folds are susceptible to polycystic kidney disease -LRB- PKD -RRB- , and cardiomyopathy .
Most colonial cities in Spanish America and the Philippines were planned around a square plaza de armas , where troops could be mustered , as the name implies , surrounded by the governor 's palace and the main church .
The alternative seemed to be biogenesis : that every living thing came from a pre-existing living thing -LRB- omne vivum ex ovo , Latin for `` every living thing from an egg '' -RRB- .
It was signed on December 7 , 1970 and ratified by the German Bundestag on May 17 , 1972 .
Younha 's second single , `` Houki Boshi '' , was used as an ending song for the popular TV anime Bleach .
This is probably one of the sources of Sarasvati\/Benzaiten 's close association with snakes and dragons in Japan .
Although it came from the Foxtrot , the Quickstep now is quite separate .
and Ubik as an introductory novel to readers new to the writing of Philip K. Dick .
Great Inagua is the third largest island in The Bahamas at 596 sq mi -LRB- 1544 kmÂ -RRB- and lies about 55 miles -LRB- 90 km -RRB- from the eastern tip of Cuba .
Iron , Aisne is a commune .
Subsequently , it moved over southeastern New York State .
Early in 188 , Cleander disposed of the current praetorian prefect , and himself took over supreme command of the Praetorians at the new rank of a pugione -LRB- `` dagger-bearer '' -RRB- with two praetorian prefects subordinate to him .
He died in 1877 . Priscilla remained in Montgomery after Robert 's death .
The IWA has five area branches â `` for north Wales , for west Wales , Swansea Bay , Gwent , and Cardiff and the Valleys .
Treatment includes taking antacids or other medicines , such as proton pump inhibitors or antibiotics , and avoiding hot or spicy foods .
It is a large family with about 300 genera and more than 3,000 species .
Hercules leaves and Hera follows him , goading him .
Marki is a town in central Poland , just to the north-east of the Polish capital Warsaw .
However , it was announced that Senna would race after Silverstone , saying that they `` want to confirm that Bruno Senna has all the support of the Spanish team '' and `` that he remains one of the Hispania Racing HRT F1 team 's official drivers and that he will be continuing to drive in the remaining races . ''
In 2001 , a hominid skull was discovered in Chad . The skull is about 7 million years old , and has been classified as Sahelanthropus tchadensis .
Only 50 amor asteroids are named .
Former Scottish football player and Arsenal manager , George Graham was born at Bargeddie on 30 November 1944 .
Born in Walthamstow in east London , Morris was educated at Marlborough and Exeter College , Oxford .
This cover earned it a place on Gamespy.com 's Top Ten Worst Covers list .
The current administrative unit of Silesian Voivodeship is just a fraction of the historical Silesia which is within the borders of today 's Poland -LRB- there are also fragments of Silesia in the Czech Republic and Germany -RRB- .
The book The Japanification of Children 's Popular Culture cited Ash as an example of consumer identification , with the character going through similar motions players of the games had to in order to progress through them .
Phillip Parker King later visited in 1818 and named it North West Cape as well as naming Exmouth Gulf after a fellow Naval Officer .
The name `` whale shark '' comes from the fish 's physiology ; as large as a whale , it too is a filter feeder .
Usually , a MSAD comprises one larger town and one or more smaller towns .
Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses , such as A-Train and SimTower .
Worcester is a city in the West Midlands region of England . With an estimated population of 94,300 , Worcester is the county town of Worcestershire .
Depending on how it is used in a dish , the whole sprig may be used -LRB- e.g. in a bouquet garni -RRB- , or the leaves removed and the stems discarded .
Puck is the largest of small inner moons of Uranus , which orbit inside the orbit of Miranda .
In line with recent work in swarm intelligence research involving optimization algorithms inspired by the behavior of social insects and animals such as fish , birds , and ants , recently there has been research on using bee waggle dance behavior for efficient fault-tolerant routing .
Classified advertising is called such because it is generally grouped within the publication under headings classifying the product or service being offered -LRB- headings such as Accounting , Automobiles , Clothing , Farm Produce , For Sale , For Rent , etc. -RRB- and is grouped entirely in a distinct section of the periodical , which makes it distinct from display advertising , which often contains graphics or other art work and which is placed near to editorial content .
A partial exception to this rule is the case of a woman who has no brothers , or whose brothers have no issue ; such a woman is called an heraldic heiress and may transmit the arms to her children as a quartering with their father 's arms , and so consequently to their descendants .
It is bordered by the Northern Territory to the west , South Australia to the south-west and New South Wales to the south .
Convergence of dust , aerosols , and bugs at the leading edge will lead to a higher clear air signature .
Theodore Schwann -LRB- December 7 , 1810 â `` January 11 , 1882 -RRB- was a German scientist who isolated and named the enzyme pepsin .
The book came five years after Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace announced their theory of evolution by means of natural selection , and four years after the publication of Darwin 's Origin of Species .
In typewriters , a typist would , for example , type a lowercase letter A with acute accent -LRB- Ã -RRB- by typing a lowercase letter A , backspace and then the acute accent key -LRB- also known as overstrike -RRB- .
If the IP belongs to anything that might be closely related to the above , or a major corporation , for example Microsoft , Sun , etc. it can be a good idea to notify the committee .
The nave is usually a lot taller than the aisles , and has high windows which light up the central space . The upper part of the building , where these windows are , is called the clerestory -LRB- or clear storey -RRB- .
Off the ice , Neely 's personal family tragedies , with both his parents dying of cancer , have made him very aware of those whose circumstances are less fortunate than his own . Today , Neely remains active in the Cam Neely Foundation run in conjunction with the New England Medical Center , where patients and their families avail themselves of accommodation at the `` Neely House '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
The California State Polytechnic University , Pomona -LRB- also known as Cal Poly Pomona -RRB- is a public university . It is located in the city of Pomona in the state of California , United States .
Dourados is a Brazilian city , situated in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul , 225 k Southwest of Campo Grande -LRB- the state 's capital -RRB- .
This can be made into sugar . Sugar beets are grown for sugar .
On February 10 , 1946 , Robinson and Isum were married by their old friend , Rev. Karl Downs .
The lowest average attendance at Portman Road was 8,741 in the club 's first professional season , the 1936 â `` 37 season .
On 20 April 2007 , shortly before the presidential election , there was a violent attack from militants . The police said that people had tried to kill Jonathan .
A weekend service , which ran until 1932 , was introduced between Highgate -LRB- Archway -RRB- and Downham via Brockley .
Enfranchised in , the Mariners are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
The premise of the film is the fact that women will find their `` one true love '' after having sex with a dentist named Chuck -LRB- Cook -RRB- , who meets a girl named Cam -LRB- Alba -RRB- and tries to become her true love .
In common English usage , Finland , Iceland , the Faroe Islands and Greenland are sometimes grouped with Scandinavia .
The Treaty of Amritsar was signed on March 16 , 1846 to settle a dispute over territory in Kashmir after the First Sikh War with the United Kingdom .
In 2000 , Belgium and the Netherlands jointly hosted the UEFA European Championship .
His two older siblings were deported to Nazi Germany for slave labor in 1943 , and did not return until after the war .
McNamara imported a technocratic managerial style to the Bank that he had used as United States Secretary of Defense and President of the Ford Motor Company .
This is a series of drawings show DÃ 1\/4 rer 's experiments in human proportion , before he made his famous engraving of Adam and Eve -LRB- 1504 -RRB- .
Manfredini currently plays for Italian Serie A side Lazio .
The family Canidae is divided into two tribes : Vulpini -LRB- `` true foxes '' -RRB- , and Canini -LRB- `` true dogs '' -RRB- . Canids of the tribe Vulpini -LRB- foxes -RRB- are called `` vulpines '' .
Unfortunately the parameter `` thumb '' -LRB- used for displaying the caption -RRB- also controls the auto-thumbnailing to re-size images by user-preferences size -LRB- default thumbnail size was 180px , then after 2009 , became 220px -RRB- .
He was three-time elected lawspeaker at the Icelandic parliament , the Althing .
The unit symbol for the mebibyte is MiB .
Cink performed consistently on the Tour over the next few years , picking up another win at the 2000 MCI Classic .
The Cunning Little Vixen -LRB- original title : PÅ Ã hody liÅ ky bystrouÅ ky , literally translates to The Adventures of Vixen Sharp-Ears -RRB- is an opera by the Czech composer LeoÅ JanÃ Ä ek .
In smaller communities , an imam could also be the community leader .
In this position he struggled to preserve the industrial base of the state , which was based on steel production and coal mining with subsidies , and served as President of the Bundesrat in 1992\/93 .
According to the International Energy Agency , renewable energy technologies are essential contributors to the energy supply portfolio , as they contribute to world energy security and provide opportunities for mitigating greenhouse gases .
In June 2005 he was elected as a member of the Nomination Committee of the company .
Kanotix can be installed to the hard disk using the -LRB- graphical -RRB- acritoxinstaller , which , depending on optical drive , hard disk and processor speed , can take around 10 - 20 minutes .
During the 2007 elections , Tamano was the spokesperson for the United Opposition .
Instead of having many teeth that are frequently replaced , mammals have one set of baby teeth and later one set of adult teeth which fit together precisely .
Pruning , or erasing -LRB- deleting -RRB- , minor revisions might require modifying Wikipedia policies or enhancing the underlying MediaWiki software .
Lescheroux is a commune .
From 1946 tractors were also built in Kilmarnock , with a large Massey-Harris factory present on the outskirts of the town .
If the show has a considerable fanbase , the studio may release unaired episodes on video to recoup losses .
Loves Park is part of the Rockford , Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Astano is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In 1877 , at the end of the second Anglo-Asante War , Accra replaced Cape Coast as the capital of the British Gold Coast colony .
Keyboard instruments were further developed in the early 20th century .
In the 1940s , the city started the Albany World Championship Timber Carnival which drew in competitors from all over the world to participate in logging skills contests .
Aristide CavaillÃ - Coll -LRB- 4 February 1811 -- 13 October 1899 -RRB- was a French organ builder .
At the 2000 census the population was 2,458 .
About 9.20 % of families and 13.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.20 % of those under age 18 and 7.40 % of those age 65 or over .
It is a distance race that demands a great deal of endurance as well as speed .
The Balkan Wars were a series of wars fought in the Balkan Peninsula in 1912 -LRB- First Balkan War -RRB- and 1913 -LRB- Second Balkan War -RRB- .
By 1910 , Auburn 's population had returned to its pre-war level .
Diogenes states that Heraclitus ' work was `` a continuous treatise On Nature , but was divided into three discourses , one on the universe , another on politics , and a third on theology . ''
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males .
Saint-Andr Ã - d'Huiriat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Its county seat is Alva .
The local football side is Glastonbury Town F.C. .
It came out for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America in 1989 and in Europe in 1990 .
Pretty much just like anyone else .
In early winter , 1936 , Botvinnik was invited to play in a tournament at Nottingham , England .
It is served by Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- services and by National Rail services . The National Rail services are operated by c2c out of Fenchurch Street station .
After the October Revolution , Malevich became a member of the Collegium on the Arts of Narkompros , the Commission for the Protection of Monuments and the Museums Commission -LRB- all from 1918 â `` 1919 -RRB- .
This province was home to the Dukes of Burgundy from the early 11th until the late 15th centuries and Dijon was a place of tremendous wealth and power and one of the great European centres of art , learning and science .
It presently comprises a thirty-strong team which includes architects , landscape architects , designers and engineers .
Daniel Webster 's great-great-grandfather was Thomas Webster -LRB- 1631 â `` 1715 -RRB- , who was born in Ormesby St. Margaret , Norfolk , England and settled in New Hampshire .
In the next year after its publishing the book won the Newbery Medal .
The moon was named in April , 2007 after the `` storm giant '' FÃ rbauti , father of Loki in Norse mythology .
We can not say : `` with probability -LRB- 1 â ' Î -RRB- the parameter Î 1\/4 lies in the confidence interval . '' We only know that by repetition in 100 -LRB- 1 â ' Î -RRB- % of the cases Î 1\/4 will be in the calculated interval .
Castillon-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Once on the eastern end of the tunnel , the freeway follows a viaduct built along the side of Haiku Valley until the Kaneohe Interchange with State Route 63 -LRB- Likelike Highway -RRB- which leads into the town of Kaneohe .
Columbus was born in Spangler , Pennsylvania and raised in Youngstown , Ohio . He is the son of Mary Irene -LRB- nÃ e Puskar -RRB- and Alex Michael Columbus .
This name must must have been regularized many centuries after the lifetime ascribed to KÅ shÅ .
A `` College Joyfest '' to promote awareness and sensitivity among youth of 300 + college campuses in India catalyzing as fundraisers for the partner with local NGOs during the cultural festivals .
Goodall insists that these gestures are evidence of `` the close , supportive , affectionate bonds that develop between family members and other individuals within a community , which can persist throughout a life span of more than 50 years . ''
It was in this essay -LRB- which appeared just one month after the publication of Charles Darwin 's On the Origin of Species -RRB- , that Hooker announced his support for the theory of evolution by natural selection , thus becoming the first recognized man of science to publicly back Darwin .
FrantiÅ ek Straka -LRB- born 28 May 1958 -RRB- is a former Czech football player .
November the 5th firework displays and bonfire parties are common throughout Britain , in major public displays and in private gardens .
The rainfall caused flooding on roads and in buildings .
Arnold was in the West Indies when the Boston Massacre took place on 5 March 1770 .
Marpa was to travel to India twice more and Nepal three more times and studied with Naropa and other great teachers including Maitripa . On his third visit to India , Naropa , who was engaged in tantric practices , proved difficult to find .
JGF is led by Tipu Biswas .
The Hoosic River , a tributary of the Hudson River , is in the north part of the county .
The state is rich in mineral deposits - especially gold , diamonds , cassiterite , bauxite , marble and copper .
If the recipient of the request has none , he tells the player to `` go fish , '' and the player draws a card from the pool . If the player receives the card he wanted -LRB- through either means -RRB- , he may take another turn .
The county has a major international airport , the Oslo Airport , Gardermoen .
Digimon is a Japanese anime television series .
Castrop-Rauxel is a town in the Ruhr area in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia .
Circular knitting , which is done on circular or double-pointed needles , produces a seamless tube and is used to create things like hats , socks , mittens , and sleeves .
By the time of the Civil War , Carbondale had become both a regional center for business and transportation , and an educational center with the founding of Carbondale College -LRB- which became Southern Illinois College in 1869 -RRB- . Carbondale won the bid for the new teacher training school for the region , and Southern Illinois Normal University opened in 1874 .
Under Carson , the `` Steel Curtain '' developed as one of the best defenses in National Football League history .
The following is a list of the 373 communes of the CÃ tes-d ` Armor dÃ partement in France .
This is the case of Plaestinians , Yemenite Jews in Jerusalem as well as in Syria and Lebanon . In the Levant , Falafel is generally made only with chickpeas .
Ian Richard Kyle Paisley , Baron Bannside -LRB- born 6 April 1926 in Armagh , Northern Ireland -RRB- is a politician and church minister in Northern Ireland .
The track was damp on race day and Berger jumped the start and then hesitated .
Argentine president Juan PerÃ n was the driving force behind the creation of the circuit , after seeing the success of the country 's own Juan Manuel Fangio .
numberings starting with Ascanian rule or continuing after prior dukes of the same name .
The Spanish Republican government in exile was a continuation of the government of the Second Spanish Republic , which was established in exile after the victory of Francisco Franco 's forces in the Spanish Civil War in April 1939 .
A second video game , titled Mobile Suit Gundam 00 : Gundam Meisters and developed by Yuke 's for the PlayStation 2 , was released on October 16 , 2008 Capcom and published by Bandai -LRB- now known as Namco Bandai Games -RRB- .
In the early 1980s , he starred alongside British veteran Michael Caine in Escape to Victory -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , a sports drama in which he plays a prisoner of war involved in a Nazi propaganda soccer game .
It originates from medicine and early studies on the causes of immunity to disease .
The Japanese War Cemetery holding the dead from the Cowra Breakout was tended to after WWII by members of the Cowra RSL and ceded to Japan in 1963 .
Doha was the host of the 2006 Asian Games , a major Asian sporting event .
It is located 45 km from the Laetoli archaeolgical site .
He alone is in front , behind , to the left , to the right , below , above , everywhere the center .
During this period , he became involved with a group called Shalom Tigers , in which bandmates Bono and Larry Mullen Jr. were also involved .
cx was closed for a time . by Christmas Island Internet Administration for policy violations in response to a complaint , but many mirrors of the site are still available , and the picture is displayed on many websites .
The 737-500 was launched in 1987 by Southwest Airlines and entered service in 1990 .
Acceleration is a vector , and therefore includes both a size and a direction .
The Stanley Cup winners were the Detroit Red Wings , who won the best of seven series 4 â `` 1 against the Carolina Hurricanes .
A typical colony contains nymphs -LRB- semi-mature young -RRB- , workers , soldiers , and reproductive individuals of both genders , sometimes containing several egg-laying queens .
It is a spin-off of the Stargate SG-1 series .
Ronaldo Rodrigues de Jesus -LRB- born June 19 , 1965 in SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil -RRB- is a former Brazilian national team defensive football player , better known on the football pitch as Ronaldo and RonaldÃ # o -LRB- big Ronaldo -RRB- .
The film follows Borat in his travels across the United States , as he commits cultural solecisms and exposes a few American ones .
A lentil and rice dish is referred to in the Middle East as mujaddara or mejadra .
A fault scarp is the topographic expression of faulting attributed to the displacement of the land surface by movement along faults . They are exhibited either by differential movement and subsequent erosion along an old inactive geologic fault -LRB- a sort of old rupture -RRB- , or by a movement on a recent active fault .
Due to strengthening vertical wind shear , Alberto then quickly weakened into a tropical storm , doubled back to the west , and dissipated near the Florida Keys on June 6 .
Herpetology is the branch of zoology concerned with reptiles and amphibians . It studies about cold-blooded animals like salamanders , frogs , toads , snakes , lizards , turtles , tuataras and crocodilians .
She is best known for playing Joy Turner on the NBC sitcom My Name Is Earl , for which she was nominated for two Emmy Awards , winning one , for a Golden Globe Award and for a Screen Actors Guild Award .
Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate , combining chocolate with sugar .
Later , Asimov added the Zeroth Law : `` A robot may not harm humanity , or , by inaction , allow humanity to come to harm '' ; the rest of the laws are modified sequentially to acknowledge this .
These patients first have difficulty speaking clearly .
She lost to ChloÃ `` Sevigny .
Warluzel is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The tre cassyn also appears on the Manx Sword of State , which is popularly said to date to the time of King AmlaÃ b mac Gofraid -LRB- d. 1237 -RRB- , although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century .
Specimens can be seen in the Age of Fishes Museum . This was built with support and funding from the Australian Museum .
Caddo County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Empire of the Sun is an Australian electronic music group which started in 2007 .
Ken Livingstone has been called â an environmentalist , a leftist , a lover of newts , '' and has made a significant effort to reduce Londonâ s impact on the environment .
The House of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov was a line of the House of Oldenburg with females from the Romanov .
The `` Armenian Question '' , like the `` Eastern Question '' , remained a factor -LRB- issue -RRB- in international politics , first with Great Britain and Germany ; then Russia taking on the role of Ottoman Armenians protector -LRB- see protectorate of missions -RRB- .
For most of pharaonic Egypt 's history , Thebes was the administrative center of Upper Egypt .
Also according to Billboard , Eminem has two of his albums among the top five highest selling albums of the 2000s . In the UK , Eminem has sold over 12.5 million records .
Metronet , one of the winners of the contract for PPP , subsequently went into administration in July 2007 .
Autonoe was named in August 2003 after the Greek mythological figure Autonoe , conquest of Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- , mother of the Charites -LRB- Gracies -RRB- , according to some authors .
An example is a Unix server where multiple remote users have access -LRB- such as via Secure Shell -RRB- to the Unix shell prompt at the same time .
Shohei Yamamoto -LRB- born 29 August 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
They make a total of 54 regional and local radio stations and networks , two nationwide radio channels , and seven regional TV networks . During certain parts of the day some of these split even further .
In 1958 , Emerson left the show to star in a play and was replaced by actress Betsy Palmer .
Maury Allen quoted New York Yankees PR man Arthur Richman that Joe told him that the marriage went wrong from then .
In foods , xanthan gum is most often found in salad dressings and sauces .
Lepidodendron did not produce seeds like many modern plants .
Usually , the party which has a seat to fill presents two candidates with mainstream viewpoints to the United Federal Assembly , which then chooses one .
The discovery was said -LRB- IAUC 4867 -RRB- on September 29 , 1989 , but the text only talks of `` 25 frames taken over 11 days '' , giving a discovery date of sometime before September 18 .
Nuoro is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy .
He is considered to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time .
This is also known as a traffic jam .
All veins carry blood to the heart .
Globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds and thousands of very old stars . Open clusters are more loose , and they have less than a few hundred stars , which are often very young .
The Lord of the Rings started as a sequel to J. R. R. Tolkien 's earlier work , The Hobbit , published in 1937 .
Bennett is a city in Cedar County , Iowa , United States .
BMW sold its share of BMW Sauber back to Peter Sauber after the end of the 2009 season . Because of their contract with Formula One , the team still formally uses the name ` BMW Sauber ' in competitions for .
Jackson is a town located in the Jackson Hole valley of Teton County , Wyoming , United States .
As of 2000 , the population was 14,154 .
Suck Up , Buck Up ... and Come Back When You Foul Up , in 2001 , which detailed strategies for fighting and winning in business , politics , and life .
Combative in his private life , he later became a heavy drinker and died of a heart attack after being mugged in Chicago in 1961 .
Scholastic has been criticized for bad marketing to children .
Class 319 units have dual-power pick-up , from either 25 kV alternating current -LRB- AC -RRB- overhead lines for services north of London , or 750 V direct current -LRB- DC -RRB- third rail to the south .
The words animal testing , animal experimentation , animal research , in vivo testing , and vivisection have similar meanings , differently .
The construction of the life-table for Breslau , which followed more primitive work by John Graunt , is now seen as a major event in the history of demography .
The new album NÃ n slags verklighet -LRB- Some kind of reality -RRB- contains songs written in Swedish by the singer himself .
On November 24 1831 , Sarah married Andrew Jackson , Jr. . He was the adopted son of president Andrew Jackson .
In 1971 , Tech finished 6-6 after a Peach Bowl loss .
She is also royal patron and chairwoman on the board of directors of the Red Cross of Hutt .
It replaced the town of Bata as the capital of the country in 1969 . The city was renamed Malabo in 1973 because President Francisco MacÃ as Nguema wanted to replace European place names with `` authentic '' African ones .
The 737-200 Advanced is an improved version of the -200 , introduced into service by All Nippon Airways on May 20 , 1971 .
No space probes have visited any of the dwarf planets .
Stoneman ordered Burbridge to bring his army of 4,200 men through the Cumberland Gap to join Stoneman and General Gillem at Knoxville , Tennessee where Gillem was refitting his own command into a picked force of 1,500 men .
The BeatrIX desktop had just four icons -LRB- e-mail , instant messaging , word processing and web browser -RRB- .
Catherine married Henry VIII on 28 July 1540 , at Oatlands Palace in Surrey , almost immediately after the annulment of his marriage to Anne of Cleves was arranged .
The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are a short distance from the stadium .
He was also interested in the history of astronomy and worked as a technician at the University of Bologna 's Institute of Astronomy .
Oahu was apparently the first of the Hawaiian Islands sighted by the crew of HMS Resolution on 18 January 1778 during Captain James Cook 's third Pacific expedition .
The film makers appealed the NC-17 rating because of the highly negative stigma associated with NC-17 rated films , and because the NC-17 restricts the distribution and actual sales of such movies .
The Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was the 54th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest and was hosted by Russia after their win in 2008 .
VÃ inÃ mÃ inen was also a god .
Holiday was recording for Columbia in the late 1930s when she was introduced to `` Strange Fruit '' , a song based on a poem about lynching written by Abel Meeropol , a Jewish schoolteacher from the Bronx .
It offers bicycles under its own brand and under the Anchor brand .
Venus Genetrix -LRB- `` Mother Venus '' -RRB- was Venus in her role as the ancestress of the Roman people , a goddess of motherhood and domesticity .
Angular momentum is also known as moment of momentum .
There are many kinds of welding , including arc welding , resistance welding , and gas welding . The most common type is arc welding .
According to the Flow Rate Technical Group , the leak amounted to about 4.9 million barrels -LRB- 205.8 million gallons -RRB- of oil exceeding the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill as the largest ever to originate in U.S.-controlled waters and the 1979 Ixtoc I oil spill as the largest spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
He wrote an enormous amount of music , including six symphonies , 15 operas , 14 ballet scores and many orchestral , chamber , vocal and instrumental works .
The ovary is 3-locular with oblong or globose capsules , containing many , winged brown , longitudinally dehiscent seeds .
This is a list of Oklahoma 's state symbols , including official and unofficial .
This must have the default of `` undefined '' if it is used , as a null value will cause the template to fail .
Louis III of France -LRB- born 863 â `` 865 , died 5 August 882 -RRB- , king of Western Francia , was the second son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde .
Her funeral service was attended by singers Miriam Makeba and Patti LaBelle , poet Sonia Sanchez , actor Ossie Davis and hundreds of other people .
The IPC is the global ruling body of the Paralympic Movement .
Along the way , Mercury gave Bon Jovi a recording contract in 1983 , and to promote Runaway , Bon Jovi called up Richie Sambora , David Bryan , Tico Torres and Alec John Such and formed a band . After Bon Jovi claimed he wanted a group name -LRB- and rejecting `` Johnny Lightning '' -RRB- , one of the group suggested `` Bon Jovi '' , slightly changing the spelling of Jon 's last name .
Gichin Funakoshi -LRB- `` Father of Modern Karate '' -RRB- titled his autobiography Karate-Do : My Way of Life in recognition of the transforming nature of karate study . Today karate is practiced for self-perfection , for cultural reasons , for self-defense and as a sport .
Elizabeth Barrett Browning -LRB- 1806-1861 -RRB- , the English poet , produced two poems `` To George Sand : A Desire '' and `` To George Sand : A Recognition '' .
Then the scalar product of any vector with itself is a non-negative real number , and it is nonzero except for the zero vector .
Satoshi Okura -LRB- born 22 May 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Class 172 is a planned diesel multiple unit -LRB- DMU -RRB- of the Turbostar family similar to the Class 168 , Class 170 and Class 171 .
Second parameter is y , d , c , m , depending on what is to be output .
One of the featured matches on the undercard was a Casket match between The Undertaker and Mark Henry .
At sixteen he became the youngest ever British Grandmaster , gaining the three results required -LRB- `` grandmaster norms '' -RRB- in tournaments in Germany , Iceland and the Politiken Cup in Copenhagen , Denmark .
It is the closest member of the Carme group , made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165 Â .
The Free State -LRB- Afrikaans : Vrystaat , Sotho : Foreistata ; before 1995 , the Orange Free State -RRB- is a province of South Africa .
Among other species , varieties and cultivars , Amomum villosum cultivated in China , Laos and Vietnam is used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat stomach-aches , constipation , dysentery , and other digestion problems .
He told the thousands of supporters that , `` My guilt is that I love my homeland ... our intellect and our words are our weapons .
He satirized the polytheistic beliefs of earlier Greek poets and of his own contemporaries . `` Homer and Hesiod '' one fragment states , `` have attributed to the gods all sorts of things that are matters of reproach and censure among men : theft , adultery , and mutual deception '' .
It was started by the 18 dynasty pharaoh Amenhotep IV , better known as Akhenaten .
Ali Pasha of Tepelena or of Yannina , surnamed Aslan , `` the Lion '' , or the `` Lion of Yannina '' , Ali Pasha Tepelena -LRB- 1740 -- January 24 , 1822 -RRB- was an Ottoman Albanian ruler -LRB- pasha -RRB- of the western part of Rumelia , the Ottoman Empire 's European territory which was also called Pashalik of Yanina .
These can be downloaded from clickonwales.org .
On 6 January 2010 , former Czech president VÃ clav Havel joined with other communist-era dissidents at the Chinese embassy in Prague to present a petition calling for Liu 's release .
Å Ä 3\/4 Ä Ä Ä Ä `` -RRB- .
Brumby was born in Melbourne and educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and Melbourne Grammar School .
He is seen laying on his back in a wooded area , and is struck repeatedly in the face with a hammer held inside a plastic bag .
This cemetery and one in Winchester , Virginia were both dedicated on the same day , with each group thinking that they were the first confederate cemetery .
It became clear that the theory had prospects of moving ahead finally from Kummer 's century-old results on regular primes .
DÃ ttingen is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Ambhi , ruler of Taxila , whose kingdom extended from the Indus to the Hydaspes -LRB- Jhelum -RRB- , complied .
Songs that he has recorded include Justin Timberlake 's `` Cry Me a River '' on Vol .
Most of the official statues commissioned of Hatshepsut show her less symbolically and more naturally , as a woman in typical dresses of the nobility of her day .
During the 1960s , Shostakovich taught at the conservatory , which made it even more famous .
In 1816 Alexander I had permitted the Polish authorities to create a university , composed from five faculties : Law and Administration , Medicine , Philosophy , Theology , and Arts and Humanities .
In the regular season , teams play 82 games which determine their standings .
The First and Second Deemsters used to have seats in the Legislative Council of the Isle of Man .
On February 21 , 2010 , two days before the beginning of ladies ' figure skating competition at the winter Olympics in Vancouver , her mother , ThÃ rÃ se Rochette , died of a heart attack at age 55 at Vancouver General Hospital after arriving to watch her compete ; Rochette chose to remain in the competition and skate in her mother 's honor .
Over its six seasons , Fear Factor earned NBC a reported $ 600 million from selling advertising during the program .
Additionally , there are volunteer firefighters -LRB- who are theoretically unpaid -RRB- and retained firefighters -LRB- sometimes called on call or auxiliary firefighters , who are paid for the specific time they are on duty , i.e. permanent part-time career firefighters -RRB- on call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . In such countries as the United Kingdom and Ireland , the use of additional retained firefighters is standard .
The developers of Specialized felt they should choose a name to show both the similarity and the difference .
Several Finno-Ugric Sami languages are spoken and written throughout the country , especially in the north , by the Sami people . Speakers have a right to get education in Sami language no matter where they are living and receive communication from the government in various Sami languages .
Leonardo also remembered his other pupil Salai and his servant Battista di Vilussis , who each received half of Leonardo 's vineyards near Milan . Leonardo 's left to his serving woman a black cloak with a fur edge .
Mandaeans maintain that Jesus and Muhammad were mÅ iha kdaba `` false messiahs '' who perverted the teachings entrusted to him by John .
Neville Landless and his twin sister Helena are sent to Cloisterham for their education .
Petrarch was also known for being one of the first people to call the Middle Ages the Dark Ages , although the negative myth as we know it today is largely the legacy of romantic literature .
They have two sonsâ '' Theodore Apollo -LRB- born 1999 -RRB- and Milo Arthur -LRB- born 1995 -RRB- â '' and two daughtersâ '' Lara Lettice -LRB- born 1993 -RRB- and Cassia Peaches -LRB- born 1997 -RRB- .
They stop Lian , but Katara , Sokka , and Haru are captured by another machine .
Livingstone was re-elected Mayor of London on 10 June 2004 .
NescafÃ is a brand of instant coffee made by NestlÃ .
markSharedIPAsMinor = true ; FriendlyConfig .
The effect of this exhibition was comparable with that of Paul CÃ zanne in Paris in 1907 , as all the main Russian avant-garde artists of the time -LRB- including Malevich -RRB- immediately absorbed the cubist principles and began using them in their works .
is a 1982 platforming video game made by Activision for Atari 2600 , Atari 5200 , Atari 8-bit , ColecoVision , Commodore 64 , Intellivision and the Sega SG-1000 .
RenÃ e Kathleen Zellweger -LRB- born April 25 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress and producer .
Highlands County was created in 1921 , when it was separated from DeSoto County .
The women are first given the task of completing their chores in order to earn their $ 200 allowance for food .
The Viking age settlements Birka on the island of BjÃ rkÃ and HovgÃ rden on the neighbouring island AdelsÃ have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1993 , as has Drottningholm Palace on the island of LovÃ n.
His rating of 2599 in January 2002 ranked 93rd in the world while he was still 14 years old .
Guests first encounter Habitat Habit !
The new oceanic crust is quite hot relative to old oceanic crust , so the new oceanic basin is shallower than older oceanic basins . If the diameter of the earth remains relatively constant despite the production of new crust , a mechanism must exist by which crust is also destroyed .
According to Capablanca , he learned the rules of the game at the age of four by watching his father play , pointed out an illegal move by his father , and then beat his father twice .
It is also called ` The river of Lahore ' since that great city is located on its eastern bank .
KekulÃ 's most famous work was on the structure of benzene .
Well-known health magazines like the Gesundes Volk -LRB- Healthy People -RRB- , Volksgesundheit -LRB- People 's Health -RRB- and Gesundes Leben -LRB- Healthy Life -RRB- published warnings about the health consequences of smoking and posters showing the harmful effects of tobacco were displayed .
Some versions of the game , including the PlayStation , feature time trial competitions in which a single player attempts to finish simple rounds quickly enough to beat previous time records or two players simultaneously attempt to beat the records and each other .
BÃ darrides is a commune of 5,110 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
The earliest predecessor of the game , chaturanga , originated in India in the 6th century , and spread from China to Japan , where it spawned a number of variants .
Responding to questions about its origin , Fey was quoted in the November 25 , 2001 , New York Times article as saying : `` It 's a childhood injury that was kind of grim .
O'Donnell was promoted again to producer five episodes into the season and Hissrich joined him twelve episodes into the season .
Norbourne Estates is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
ParquÃ s stems directly from Pachisi in the same way as Parcheesi , ParchÃ s or Ludo .
He discovered that ants were sensitive to the ultraviolet range of the spectrum .
Her mother was Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia .
Wiliberg is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The hanami celebrations usually involve eating and drinking , and playing and listening music .
With his wife , Mary Matalin - a Republican - and writer Peter Knobler , Carville co-wrote All 's Fair : Love , War and Running for President , published in 1995 .
In the past , the term non-vascular plant included all the algae , but also the fungi as well .
Alfonso confirms the sisters ' fears : Ferrando and Guglielmo are on their way to the house .
It has to some degree been replaced with the combining diacritical marks mechanism of Unicode , though such characters do not work well with many fonts , and precomposed characters continue to be used .
Roblox users can script the places they design with an extremely restricted , sandboxed attempt at Lua 5.1 .
Faith Alexis Ford -LRB- born September 14 , 1964 , in Alexandria , Louisiana -RRB- is an American television and movie actress . She is best known for her role as Corky Sherwood on Murphy Brown and as Hope in the television series , Hope & Faith .
The programming may be done only by students , or may include other programmers from the community in which the station is based .
Naismith earned a BA in Physical Education -LRB- 1888 -RRB- and a Diploma at the Presbyterian College in Montreal -LRB- 1890 -RRB- .
In November 2007 , its name was changed to Hermanas Mirabal .
Fossils have also been found in the Yunnan Province in China -LRB- Morganucodon oehleri -RRB- , in various parts of Europe and North America and some at least closely related animals -LRB- Megazostrodon -RRB- are known from exquisite fossils from South Africa .
Oxnard is the largest city in Ventura County , California because of its population .
That scale will indicate the answer .
In 1887 the school relocated to the East Lake community of Birmingham .
The creation of town and parish councils is encouraged in unparished areas .
Her performance brought strong reviews , and was seen by the writer and director , Joseph Mankiewicz .
This symphony seems to say everything that Ives had been trying to do in music . It was not until 1965 that a complete performance of the symphony was given .
He joined the Young Communist League of Germany -LRB- KJVD -RRB- , the youth section of the Communist Party of Germany -LRB- KPD -RRB- , in 1926 and joined the KPD itself in 1929 .
Typically unitary authorities cover large towns or cities , which are large enough to be independent of county or regional administration .
She returns the next year to crown the new May Queen and stays in the procession .
It needs parameters like this :
For example , California 's Theft Act of 1927 consolidated a variety of common law crimes into theft . The state now distinguishes between two types of theft , grand theft and petty theft .
In 1915 the southern part of Palm Beach County became Broward County . In 1917 the northwest part of the county became Okeechobee County .
In late 2004 , Kramnik successfully defended his title against challenger PÃ ter LÃ kÃ in a drawn match played in Brissago , Switzerland .
Following his retirement , he went on to publish more than 200 articles , in a variety of journalsâ '' more than some reputable scientists publish in their entire careers ; 14 of his 25 books were published after he was 65 .
The second SAG awards aired live from the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium , while later awards have been held at the Shrine Exposition Center .
Georges-Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon -LRB- 7 September 1707 â `` 16 April 1788 -RRB- , usually called Buffon , was a French naturalist . He was also a mathematician , cosmologist and encyclopedic author .
They vocalise through plaintive whines .
Wyolica is a two person band from Japan .
Transgender people vary greatly in choosing when , if , and how to disclose their transgender status to family , close friends , and others . The prevalence of discrimination and violence against the transgender community can make coming out a risky decision .
SÃ # o Paulo officially became a city in 1711 .
This is a picture of a sine wave .
Hash values are much the same , except that care is taken that different sets of data do not get the same hash value -LRB- this is called a hash collision -RRB- .
Dr. SchÃ n arrives .
Butterworth and Vaughan Williams made several trips into the English countryside to collect folk songs .
Ozark is a city in and the county seat of Dale County , Alabama , United States .
Peer SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck -LRB- born January 10 , 1947 in Hamburg -RRB- is a German social democratic politician .
The British Army is the land warfare branch of Her Majesty 's Armed Forces in the United Kingdom .
During October 2 , a tropical cyclone was witnessed at Jamaica .
`` Throne '' in an abstract sense can also refer to the monarchy or the Crown itself , an instance of metonymy , and is also used in many terms such as `` the power behind the throne '' .
The tower is owned by Blackpool Council .
Each side had three overall goals in this battle .
Agnes Grey is a novel written by the English author Anne BrontÃ `` and first published in 1847 . The novel is about a governess of that name and is said to be based on Anne BrontÃ `` 's own experiences .
It has a train station named Billericay railway station .
Heart failure is different from cardiac arrest , because the heart is still working .
Vince was the 20th named storm and 12th hurricane of the season .
Upon being discovered , they run out and are chased into an alleyway by a policeman .
According to the 2007 census , it has a population of 28,955 people .
The rapid activity of the injected neurotoxins paralyzes the mobile prey , thus allowing the sessile cnidarian to devour it .
Buttwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Foreign companies find accent naturalisation easier in Pakistan than in India .
CHPC Advisory # 19 was issued at 11 AM local time on September 10 , and suggested that a weakening Iniki would remain well to the south .
Pedimental gorgoneia were common in Sicily ; probably the earliest one is in the Temple of Apollo in Syracuse .
The Matanuska Valley has become a suburban community for many people who work in Anchorage .
Turnhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
William , the third son of George III and younger brother and successor to George IV , was the last king and penultimate monarch of the House of Hanover .
The part which remains today is a graded dirt road which crosses southeastern Riverside County and a part of Imperial County , beginning roughly 12 miles\/19km east of North Shore and ending about 14 miles\/23km southwest of Blythe for a total of 70 miles\/113km .
In particular , they are believed to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections .
From this definition , it is clear that a set is a subset of itself ; in cases where one wishes to avoid this , the term proper subset is defined to exclude this possibility .
Mission San Luis Obispo has beautiful architectural features , mission life , and historical events . Mission San Luis Obispo is different from all the other missions because it is one of the smallest and has such a unique design .
Arkadelphia is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Established by FranÃ ois-Marie Raoult in 1882 , Raoult 's law states : the vapor pressure of an ideal solution is dependent on the vapor pressure of each chemical component and the mole fraction of the component present in the solution .
As they are insoluble in water , they can be got by washing away the starch in the grain .
She is also a Fellow of the Chartered Society of Designers , and winner of the Minerva Medal , the Society 's highest award .
Iroh is voiced by Greg Baldwin and Zuko is voiced by Dante Basco .
The Phra Buddha Chinnarat Fair is held each January at Wat Phra Sri Rattana Mahatat Woramahawihan .
Woods was known as a good musician .
According to some versions , at least one Niobid was spared , -LRB- usually Meliboea -RRB- .
The 2003 World Cup in South Africa was the first to sport a mascot , Dazzler the zebra .
The severe Norman west front was rebuilt by Hugh de Goldclif . It was very costly but its rapid weathering and later alterations have removed all but fragments .
A herd is a large group of animals .
Valve Corporation is an American video game developer and digital distribution company located in Bellevue , Washington , USA .
A trailer of the game was sent to a select number of people at a Sony meeting in 2005 . It helped the release of the PlayStation 3 system .
After having a grant pulled out from under her , Tru is forced to take a job at a local morgue where she discovers her power to `` re-live '' the previous day over again if one of the deceased asks for her help to change what has happened .
In 2001 , Entertainment Weekly named Fey as one of their Entertainers of the Year for her work on Weekend Update .
The Leaf Hills Moraines , sometimes called the Leaf Mountains , are a range of hills in west-central Minnesota .
They also included him in a top 25 list of video game anti-heroes , stating that in spite of his greed , he 's actually a `` cool dude '' .
While 60 Â V6 engines are not as well balanced as inline-6 and flat-6 engines , modern techniques for designing and mounting engines have largely disguised their vibrations .
Buchanan rejects â any organic conception of the state as superior in wisdom , to the individuals who are its members .
He enjoyed studying in economics class and went to the London School of Economics with Nicholas Kaldor and Friedrich Hayek .
It then graduates to digging and other nest work , and later to defending the nest and foraging .
Eventually Monroe refused to speak to Preminger , and Mitchum had to mediate .
The high altitude results in consistent skiing continuously throughout the summer .
Lassalle founded the Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein -LRB- General German Workers ' Association , ADAV -RRB- in 1863 . This party later became the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- .
Edmund and King Lune of Archenland lead the fight against the Calormene army and defeat them .
Penshurst Place in Kent , England has a hall from the 14th century .
As of 2000 , the population was 112,947 .
Extracellular fluid -LRB- ECF -RRB- usually denotes all body fluid outside of cells .
A May Day celebration held annually in New Westminster , British Columbia , Canada has the distinction of being the longest running May Day celebration of its kind in the British Commonwealth .
It has a total area of 432.95 kmÂ .
Some words from various Bantu languages have been borrowed into western languages .
The attack lasts over four minutes , during which the victim lapses in and out of consciousness .
Paintings of the bridge were created by the French Impressionist Claude Monet and English Impressionist , John Constable .
She was said to be the most beautiful and intelligent woman in Japan .
Atticus is a central character in the novel .
It quoted a familiar melody widely associated with schoolyard taunts , to which the words `` I 've got a secret ! ''
It extends from the valley of the Red Main River to the Czech border , a few foothills spilling over into the Czech Republic . It continues in a northeastern direction as the Ore Mountains , and in a southeastern direction as the Bohemian Forest .
The discography of Soundgarden , a Seattle , Washington-based grunge band , consists of five studio albums , one live album , three compilation albums , five extended plays -LRB- EP -RRB- , and eighteen singles .
They rejected the name Viridiplantae on the grounds that most of the species are not plants , as understood traditionally .
Being the Indian city with the closest air link to the small island-country of Maldives and also Sri Lanka , the cityâ s medical and health infrastructure caters to patients from both countries , especially Maldives .
The older tribes fared well .
In 1973 , Patrick White won the Nobel Prize in Literature , the only Australian to have achieved this ; he is seen as one of the great English-language writers of the twentieth century .
In the club 's early years , a wide number of pitches and stadia were used .
The 18th Reconnaissance Regiment of the Polish Land Forces is based in BiaÅ ystok .
Anne Marie was displaced as his heir by the birth of the Old Pretender 's son , Charles Edward Stuart -LRB- `` Bonnie Prince Charlie '' -RRB- in December 1720 .
The movie is a spin-off of the telvision series InuYasha and is the first film in a series of four .
Charles Lee -LRB- 1758 -- June 24 , 1815 -RRB- was an American lawyer from Virginia .
Silverstone was first used for motorsport by an ad hoc group of friends who set up an impromptu race in September 1947 .
That bridge was replaced in 1906 by a new bridge which was later renamed the Longfellow Bridge .
The division between the Hutu and the Tutsi -LRB- the larger of the other two groups -RRB- is mainly based on social class , not ethnicity .
Years later , MomotarÅ left his parents for an island called Onigashima to destroy the evil oni -LRB- demons or ogres -RRB- that lived there .
Eid ul-Fitr is a Muslim holiday celebrated when Ramadan , the month of fasting , finishes .
The 2009 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts , held from August 31 to September 14 , 2009 in the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center at Flushing Meadows , New York City , United States .
The Ohio State University -LRB- OSU -RRB- is a public university in Columbus , Ohio , USA .
No other tropical cyclones in the 2001 Pacific hurricane season were notable .
Additionally , you may appeal the global block at Steward requests\/Global .
The most famous Japanese soba noodles come from Nagano .
Franklin is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Neruda started to write poetry as a young boy but his father wanted him to study mathematics so he could become a teacher . Neruda was mainly interested in literature and writing poems , which he would mail out to magazines ; to prevent his parents discovering that he was doing this he changed his name to Pablo Neruda .
helped The CW claim the top spot in the key demographic , Adults 18-49 for Friday .
Check the charts table as well as the references section for -LRB- typically red -RRB- error messages .
The FDP polled a stunning 9.8 % of the votes , one of their best results ever .
Unlike physical constants , mathematical constants are defined independently of physical measurements , for example the fine-structure constant , even though dimensionless , is not a mathematical constant as it can not currently be mathematically derived . Some mathematical constants , such as e and Ï , arise in many different contexts .
Powered by an Ilmor V10 , Tyrrell scored 8 points , and March 3 points .
The Ems river runs through the district from south to north .
Mauro Raphael -LRB- born 6 June 1933 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Reed stems are also important building materials in some areas .
In his own time and for centuries after Edward III was praised a lot . But by Whig historians he was seen as an irresponsible adventurer .
Osborne House is a former royal residence in East Cowes , Isle of Wight , UK .
\* p. \* # Malayalam + anything else -LRB- ? !
He is known as one of the most liberal and progressive MPs within the Conservative Party , and is a leading member of the Thatcherite Conservative Way Forward grouping . He is also well known as the first openly gay Conservative Member of Parliament , having publicly come out in 2002 .
The RPG-26 Aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the Soviet Union .
He\/She reports to the Director of National Intelligence -LRB- DNI -RRB- . The Director is assisted by the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Released in February 2003 , 100th Window was written and produced by Del Naja and Neil Davidge , and features vocals from Horace Andy and SinÃ ad O'Connor , as well as one appearance by Damon Albarn .
A U.S. study by Alfred Kinsey found that 75 % of the participants stated that there was never nudity in the home when they were growing up , 5 % of the participants said that there was `` seldom '' nudity in the home , 3 % said `` often '' , and 17 % said that it was `` usual '' .
Kennedy started playing junior hockey with the Winnipeg South Blues of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League -LRB- MJHL -RRB- in 1985 .
The atomic radius of an element is the distance between the nucleus and the edge of the electron cloud .
Some lumbering is carried on in the interior .
The Jamaica Giant Galliwasp -LRB- Celestus occiduus -RRB- is a species of lizard in the Anguidae family .
Grefrath is a municipality in the district of Viersen . It is found in the western part of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Aquaculture is an especially important economic activity in China .
After passing the island , the hurricane turned to the northeast , and became extratropical on September 8 .
Her young husband died trying to save her .
Blanche and Camille were used instead of Betsy and Carol in 1969 .
The fresh form is more flavourful but also less convenient ; storage life is rarely more than a week .
He still has his money in his wallet , but his identification cards are missing .
The pH indicator litmus is a dye extracted from the lichen genus Rocella tinctoria by boiling .
Davis 's mother , Cleota Mae -LRB- Henry -RRB- Davis , wanted him to learn to play the piano . She was a good blues pianist but did not tell her son this .
Since the United States has expanded westward since its founding , the definition of the West has changed over time .
The Four Stages of Cruelty is a series of four printed engravings published by English artist William Hogarth in 1751 .
San Juan de la Maguana is the capital city and the largest city in the province of San Juan and is the 10th largest city in the Dominican Republic .
However , it was the following year when she won her breakthrough role in the Lukas Moodysson film Show Me Love -LRB- also commonly known by its Swedish title ` Fucking Ã
Other early 8th-century examples were found at Tiryns .
Yusuke Kondo is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Consadole Sapporo .
It is in Group 14 on the periodic table .
On a passenger jetliner first class refers to a limited number -LRB- rarely more than 16 -RRB- of seats or cabins located in the front of the aircraft which are notable for their comfort , service and privacy .
The 100th Grand Prix winner was Heikki Kovalainen at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
Color schemes are logical combinations of colors on the color wheel .
In the Immunity Challenge , Tom accidentally hit one of Ian 's colored tiles , which gave Ian Immunity .
Tab key -LRB- abbreviation of tabulator key or tabular key -RRB- is a key on a keyboard . It is used to take the cursor to the next tab stop .
The kingdom of Castile -LRB- Castilla -RRB- built a global empire , spreading its culture and language in the Americas and biologically and culturally mixing with the Indigenous peoples and ultimately , the African slaves , altering the composition of the hemisphere .
Some of the tallest mud volcanoes are found in Azerbaijan . Mud volcanoes can also be found in Iran and Pakistan .
Thomas Hardy was born at Higher Bockhampton , a hamlet in the parish of Stinsford to the east of Dorchester in Dorset , England .
Martin Luther -LRB- German , 1534 -RRB- also uses tÃ ten -LRB- kill -RRB- .
This template should not be subst 'd .
With a burning desire to develop what you have to give , renewing , removing your obstacles of our desire to move forward , forward .
Keynes ' father , John Neville Keynes -LRB- 1852 â `` 1949 -RRB- outlived his son by three years . Keynes 's brother Sir Geoffrey Keynes -LRB- 1887 â `` 1982 -RRB- was a distinguished surgeon , scholar and bibliophile .
The HSK is primarily conducted in Simplified Chinese .
Shiny PokÃ mon are not necessarily better than regular PokÃ mon , although in Gold , Silver , and Crystal , they have better-than-average individual values . In the third generation , however , `` shininess '' is determined by another value , and shiny PokÃ mon are not stronger than any other PokÃ mon in battle .
The Bishop Giuseppe Maria Palatucci turned the camp into a shelter for Italian and foreign Jews , many of them sent there for protection by his nephew Giovanni Palatucci ; Giovanni was later honored as a Righteous Among the Nations by the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial .
Lady Margaret Beaufort -LRB- May 31 , 1443 â `` June 29 , 1509 -RRB- of the House of Lancaster was the mother of King Henry VII of England and grandmother of Henry VIII .
Oceanside is a city located in the state of California .
Before the 1970s , this function was served by institutions , asylums , poorhouses , orphanages and Victorian colonies .
William Franklin `` Billy '' Graham , Jr. . KBE -LRB- born November 7 , 1918 -RRB- is an American evangelical Christian evangelist .
She is the first woman to win the prize in this category .
Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos -LRB- born December 19 , 1967 -RRB- , better known by the stage name Criss Angel , is an American illusionist , musician , and actor .
Helsinki had been given the 1940 Summer Olympics but they were canceled because of World War II .
She married the future Philippe Ã galitÃ , and was the mother of France 's last king , Louis Philippe I , King of the French .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration -LRB- NHTSA -RRB- investigation found that the tread separation problem was most likely a design defect affecting all Firestone 500 's .
The two Byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual in that the use of images was the main issue in the dispute , rather than a by-product of wider concerns .
He retired from opera in 1978 .
Charles Ronald `` Chuck '' Palumbo -LRB- born June 15 1971 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , who is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand .
It organises activities such as blood donation days and ball game competitions .
Abbott is a city in Hill County , Texas , United States . About 300 people lived in Abbott as of the year 2000 .
Anders was the lead singer of Germany 's popular pop-duo Modern Talking in 1984 â `` 1987 and in 1998 â `` 2003 .
Borneo is the third largest island in the world and can be found at the center of Maritime Southeast Asia . Administratively , this island is divided between Indonesia , Malaysia and Brunei .
Hercules tutors the people of Troy and prepares them to battle to take back Troy .
The virgin birth of Jesus is a tenet of Christianity and Islam which holds that Mary miraculously conceived Jesus while remaining a virgin .
The particle may never be detected at certain positions , known as spatial nodes .
Compared with the rounded Romanesque style , the pointed arch of the Early English Gothic looks more elegant and , more importantly , is better at distributing the weight of the stonework above it . This makes it possible to span higher and wider gaps using narrower columns .
In most cases , the connection will be to the telephone network . Certain units also allow a connection to newer technologies , such as Voice over IP .
The parable has been connected to the miracle of cursing the fig tree .
Both Manuel MÃ rquez de LeÃ n International Airport in La Paz and Los Cabos International Airport in San JosÃ del Cabo were shut down , stranding 7,500 â `` 8,500 tourists .
His father , William M. Mathers , died while Samuel Liddell was still a boy .
During the divinations , Paul was shown two boxes with a mussel inside them , for food . Each box had , on the outside , a flag of a football team .
Kazuhiko Chiba -LRB- born 21 June 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Morley was born in Norwich , in East Anglia , the son of a brewer .
It sold 800,000 copies , charted for 57 weeks , and was the 16th highest selling album of the year .
Berthenicourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
On June 25 , 2008 , MLB installed a new plaque for Robinson at the Baseball Hall of Fame commemorating his off-the-field impact on the game as well as his playing statistics .
In general Goodman continued to play in the swing style he was most known for .
Instead , those events were held five months earlier in Stockholm , Sweden , marking the second time that events of the same Olympics were held in different countries .
Imperial 's main campus is located in the South Kensington area of Central London on the boundary between the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and the City of Westminster , with its main entrance on Exhibition Road .
With its most recent release being on 2005-07-04 , Feather Linux is now not under development .
Nancy Campbell Cartwright -LRB- born October 25 , 1957 -RRB- is an American film and television actress , comedian and voice artist .
Farid Suleman has been the chairman and CEO of Citadel Broadcasting since March 2002 .
Person vs. Self is when a character is facing his own fears , confusion or philosophy .
If a contestant failed to match any of the three answers , the bonus round ended .
CÃ huil means in Mapudungun language `` seagulls place '' .
The British Rail Class 960 was reserved for former diesel multiple units converted for departmental use , and former electrical multiple units rebuilt as test trains .
Longfellow spent several years translating Dante Alighieri 's Divine Comedy .
Radio callsigns pre-date postcodes in Australia by more than forty years .
It was prepared in 1962 on the occasion of 1,200 th anniversary of his death , completed in 1981 and opened to the public in October 1982 .
These included Flux Of Pink Indians , Conflict , Poison Girls , Zounds , Honey Bane , Rudimentary Peni and others .
All Caliphs from Muawiya onwards are regarded as tyrants except Umar ibn Abdul Aziz , on whom opinions differ .
The province of West Pakistan was dissolved in July 1970 by President Yahya Khan .
Corcy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is the first and only handheld Katamari game .
Gergiev has also been a consistent supporter of peace in the Caucasus , particularly in the conflict between the Georgian central government and South Ossetia .
Her most famous television project was her role on the 1990s NBC drama Sisters .
If necessary , forecasters may make adjustments to the computer forecasts .
Furthermore , he introduced a socio-economic and geographic framework to historical questions .
Diaghilev succeeded in getting him out for a North American tour in 1916 .
The third movement , called Elegia by BartÃ k , is another slow movement , typical of BartÃ k 's so-called `` Night music '' .
Prince Octavius -LRB- 23 February 1779 - 3 May 1783 -RRB- was the eighth son of George III and Queen Charlotte .
Its county seat is Sparta .
Instead of delaying the write until all reads are completed , two copies of the location can be maintained , the old value and the new value .
Antigua and Barbuda -LRB- 02.10.05 -RRB- , Cape Verde -LRB- 18.11.05 -RRB- , Central African Republic -LRB- 05.04.06 -RRB- , Iraq -LRB- 17.02.08 -RRB- , Kazakhstan -LRB- 15.01.07 -RRB- , Lesotho -LRB- 01.11.04 -RRB- , Marshall Islands -LRB- 13.11.04 -RRB- , Montenegro -LRB- succ .
Manual ticket inspections do , however , regularly take place .
The USGS operates the streamgaging network for the United States , with over 7400 streamgages .
Pluto was also identified with the obscure Roman Orcus , like Hades the name of both a god of the underworld and the underworld as a place .
Forbes is on the banks of the Lachlan River .
The truth about Tyler 's paternity did not become public until five years later , in 1991 , when she changed her name from Rundgren to Tyler , but kept the former as a middle name .
The platform game -LRB- or platformer -RRB- is a video game genre characterized by requiring the player to jump to and from suspended platforms or over obstacles -LRB- jumping puzzles -RRB- .
He then fell in to a coma .
B major 's relative minor is G-sharp minor , its parallel minor is B minor , and its enharmonic equivalent is C-flat major .
Fargues-Saint-Hilaire is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Schizanthus , â '' common names butterfly flower , fringeflower , poor-man 's - orchidâ '' is a genus of plants in the Solanaceae -LRB- nightshade -RRB- family .
The stimuli are processed by the region of the human brain which is responsible for olfaction .
Another orchestral work has a long title in German : Das Meer so gross und weit ist da wimmelts ohne Zahlgrosse kleine Tiere -LRB- The Sea is so big and wide and swarming with numerous little animals -RRB- .
He first conducted at the Metropolitan Opera -LRB- Met -RRB- in December 2004 , conducting LeoÅ JanÃ Ä ek 's `` KÃ t ' a KabanovÃ '' with Karita Mattila in the title role .
After Miller 's death in 2007 , scientists examined sealed vials preserved from the original experiments . They were able to show that there were well over 20 different amino acids produced in Miller 's original experiments .
The first single off the album , `` Soldiers , '' is dedicated to all the men and women of the United States Army .
Within the Southern Pacific a tropical depression is judged to have reach tropical cyclone intensity should it reach winds of 65 km\/h -LRB- 40 mph -RRB- , and it is evident that gales are occurring at least halfway around the center .
Hanneman said `` Why donâ t we start our OWN band ?
The Aristocats was re-released to theaters on December 19 , 1980 and April 10 , 1987 .
When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical storm to the north of the Equator between the coastline of the Americas and 140 Â E then it will be named by the NHC .
Saint-Denis-de-Gastines is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
For racing use , the nitromethane content can be increased well above 30 % with a corresponding increase in cost , but some methanol is still required as it 's needed to allow the glow plug to ignite the fuel in the first place , and as a solvent to allow the lubricants and nitromethane to mix , so the nitromethane content usually does n't go any higher than 65 % .
The beginning of the 1950 's saw a rapid population growth , with which the Soviets responded by constructing large-scale housing and palaces in the style of Stalinist architecture .
A portrait is a painting , photograph , sculpture , or other artistic representation of a person , in which the face and its expression is predominant .
The season goes around the protagonist , Aang , and his friends Katara and Sokka and their journey to the North Pole -LRB- to North Water Tribe -RRB- to find a Waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how to control water .
More than 2500 writers participated in the writing of the encyclopedia .
This list includes garden plants as well as weeds .
Males die within a few months of mating .
Alexandre Ã tienne Choron -LRB- 1837 , Caen , -- 1924 -RRB- was a French chef .
The axolotl is currently on the IUCN Red List of threatened species .
Some of the lower density areas were found on the opposite side of the asteroid but still within 9 kilometers .
Although the length of this section may make it look complicated , selecting your own modules -LRB- sets of automatically-made changes -RRB- is actually pretty easy .
The last independent Duke of Guelders was Adolf 's son Charles of Egmond -LRB- 1492-1538 -RRB- .
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , the holiest city of Islam , where able-bodied Muslims must go to at least once in a lifetime .
The Haiti national football team represents Haiti in association football and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration HaÃ tienne de Football , the governing body for football in Haiti .
Camp Half-Blood is in danger of being invaded by Kronos ' army by means of the Labyrinth .
The bascules , weighing over 1,000 tons each , are counterbalanced to minimize the force required and allow raising in five minutes .
In November 1924 , Hughes returned to the U. S. to live with his mother in Washington , D.C. Hughes worked at various odd jobs before gaining a white-collar job in 1925 as a personal assistant to the historian Carter G. Woodson at the Association for the Study of African American Life and History .
`` I Lost on Jeopardy '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
Lochristi is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Karts do not have a differential .
Competitions are held between teams from both traditions with games alternating between codes , often one version being played in the morning and the other in the afternoon .
In the following weeks , as Kozlov continued to easily win matches , he began demanding `` better competition '' .
This was subsequently whittled down to the 19 tracks that made it into the final record .
Instead , the number of resistant colonies on each plate varied drastically .
Much of the glass was removed before and pieced back together after the First and Second World Wars , and the windows are constantly being cleaned and restored to keep their beauty intact .
Amani Toomer -LRB- born September 8 , 1974 in Berkeley , California -RRB- is a retired American football wide receiver who played at the National Football League .
A multiple Golden Globe and Emmy Award nominee , Fawcett rose to international fame when she first appeared as private investigator Jill Munroe in the TV series Charlie 's Angels in 1976 .
The magazine is based in Sutton in Surrey in the UK .
At the request of his father , Adolf Lorenz , he began a premedical curriculum in 1922 at Columbia University , but he returned to Vienna in 1923 to continue his studies at the University of Vienna .
In 2006 , the monitors were replaced with a nearly seamless projection video wall .
Michalka plays a variety of instruments such as acoustic guitar , electric guitar , piano , and bongos .
It is also known as the tibial collateral ligament , or abbreviated as the MCL .
Two meaningful declarative sentences express the same proposition if and only if they mean the same thing .
Shines played more in the U.S. South until 1941 when he decided to go back to Canada and then to Africa . He never made it past Chicago .
Child exploitation can also include forced labor or services , slavery or practices similar to slavery , servitude , the removal of organs , illicit international adoption , trafficking for early marriage , recruitment as child soldiers , for use in begging or as athletes -LRB- such as child camel jockeys or football players -RRB- , or for recruitment for cults .
Underwater is a term telling what is below the surface of a body of water such as an ocean , sea , lake , pond , or river .
Historian Shelby Foote said that the applause , which came after a long time , was `` barely polite '' .
Smith was the first Catholic to run for President , and attracted many thousands of ethnic voters .
Lugon-et-l ' Ã le-du-Carnay is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Barry Switzer -LRB- born October 5 , 1937 in Crossett , Arkansas -RRB- was an American football coach . He coached both professional and college football between 1962 and 1997 .
The Funeral Oration is significant because the speech departs from the typical formula of Athenian funeral speeches .
Robert Graeme Pollock , known as Graeme , -LRB- born 27 February 1944 in Durban , Natal Province , Union of South Africa -RRB- is a former cricketer .
On August 23 , 2006 , Tsuburaya Productions filed a new lawsuit against Chaiyo for copyright infringement and plagiarism -LRB- concerning their three original Ultraman characters -RRB- , and the court case was taken to China .
Stresemann was not , however , in any sense pro-French .
She was later canonized as a martyr by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1981 for being hurt by the Soviet .
Darrah was voted off , leaving Jon , Lil , and Sandra as the final three .
Queens has a very large bus system that goes to all parts of the borough . Some bus routes go to Brooklyn , Manhattan , or the Bronx .
It was produced by John Daly and Derek Gibson , with co-producer Jerry Beck , and was available on VHS and laserdisc .
While collecting nectar , they also assist in plant pollination .
Smith entered business in New York City , and became an increasingly vocal opponent of Roosevelt 's New Deal .
It is thus possible to find 2 Ã -- 4s that are four , eight , or twelve feet in length .
Cameron currently partners with fellow evangelist Ray Comfort , training Christians in evangelism .
The States -LRB- Alderney 's governing body -RRB- decline to commemorate the sites of the four labor camps .
Port Zante , located in the center of the bay , lies on 15 a of land reclaimed from the sea in 1995 .
Fair-weather waterspouts occur in coastal waters and are associated with dark , flat-bottomed , developing convective cumulus towers .
The population as of the 2000 census was 46,755 .
The 2 f gauge of the track is unusual , and was shared by only three other public railways in the United Kingdom : the nearby Corris Railway -LRB- which predated the Talyllyn -RRB- , and the subsequent Plynlimon and Hafan Tramway and Campbeltown and Machrihanish Light Railway .
The sitar -LRB- Hindi\/Sanskrit : à à à
The group became known for an anonymous leaflet campaign , lasting from June 1942 until February 1943 , that called for active opposition to dictator Adolf Hitler 's regime .
Starches are insoluble in water .
This case resulted from a petition to the Supreme Court by William Marbury , who had been appointed by President John Adams as Justice of the Peace in the District of Columbia but whose commission was not subsequently delivered . Marbury petitioned the Supreme Court to force Secretary of State James Madison to deliver the documents , but the court , with John Marshall as Chief Justice , denied Marbury 's petition , holding that the part of the statute upon which he based his claim , the Judiciary Act of 1789 , was unconstitutional .
Familiar examples include a swinging pendulum and AC power .
The Hazel Dormouse spend a large amount of its life sleeping , either hibernating in winter or in torpor in summer .
West of Albion Road , Steeles Avenue continues into Peel Region , where it is also designated as Peel Regional Road 15 .
This second Leonese Language Day was celebrated on December 16 , 2007 , being organised by the Leonese City Council in collaboration with several linguistic and cultural leonese associations .
It is the amount of pressure that a column of mercury that is one inch tall has at 32 Â F -LRB- 0 Â C -RRB- at the standard acceleration of gravity , or how fast things speed up as they are falling because of gravity .
The ` London Transport Executive ' name was also the title of the arm of the Greater London Council that ran public transport in London between 1970 and 1984 .
Greenville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
The goal was to provide a color TV standard for the European picture frequency of 50 fields per second -LRB- 50 hertz -RRB- , and finding a way to eliminate the problems with NTSC .
On 9 January 1992 , the Bosnian Serb Assembly proclaimed the Republic of the Serb people of Bosnia and Herzegovina -LRB- Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð ` Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð \/ Republika srpskog naroda Bosne i Hercegovine -RRB- .
The title ultimately changed from President of SaorstÃ t Ã ireann -LRB- UachtarÃ n ShaorstÃ t Ã ireann -RRB- to President of Ireland -LRB- UachtarÃ n na hÃ ireann -RRB- , but it still remained the central feature of his new constitution , to which he gave the new Irish language name Bunreacht na hÃ ireann -LRB- meaning literally the Constitution of Ireland -RRB- .
No species , however , destroys more coccids and aphids , the worst foes of many plants .
In April 1994 , `` Jerry and David 's Guide to the World Wide Web '' was renamed `` Yahoo ! ''
A Munro is any Scottish mountain with a height over 3000 feet -LRB- 914.4 metres -RRB- .
A dispute developed between Shirley and Glenn Rynes , who own the land that Kiddieland occupies , and Ronald Rynes , Jr. and Cathy and Tom Norini , who own the amusement park itself .
The Spanish Royal Academy uses the term espaÃ ol -LRB- rather than `` castellano '' -RRB- in its publications , due to the fact that `` the term derives from the Provenzal word espaignol , which in turn derives from the Medieval Latin word Hispaniolus , which means ` from -- or pertaining to -- Hispania ' '' . The Diccionario PanhispÃ nico de Dudas -LRB- a linguistic guide published by the Spanish Royal Academy -RRB- states that , although the Spanish Royal Academy prefers to use the term espaÃ ol in its publications when referring to the Spanish language , both terms -LRB- espaÃ ol and castellano -RRB- are regarded as synonymous and equally valid .
Black cardamom is sometimes used in garam masala for curries .
In all cases , the team considered is the original holder of the draft pick , not a team which may have acquired the pick via a trade or other means .
These slaves later became known as the Helots . Helots spent their lives farming their Spartan masters kleros -LRB- Land Granted to Spartan Citizens -RRB- .
Yakubu Aiyegbeni -LRB- born 22 November 1982 in Benin City -RRB- , nicknamed The Yak and generally known simply as Yakubu , is a Nigerian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Leicester City on loan from Everton .
Second , all brown algae are multicellular .
Early in the case , political commentator and columnist Arianna Huffington wrote , `` If you were to get your news only from television , you 'd think the top issue facing our country right now is an 18-year-old girl named Natalee who went missing in Aruba .
Partial reform of local government in England since 1995 has led to the creation of so-called ceremonial counties to which lord-lieutenants are now appointed .
Even so Triapitsyn decided to take revenge , which resulted in the execution of the surviving garrison and the slaughter of all but 122 Japanese civilians - in all around 700 Japanese died shortly .
Vauville , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
As dance progressed into the 19th century , the emphasis on technical skill increased , as did the desire to dance en pointe without the aid of wires .
In Russian side Karelia is Republic of Karelia . In Finnish side there are provinces of North Karelia and South Karelia .
He has played for the Chicago White Sox -LRB- 1997 â `` 2004 -RRB- and Detroit Tigers -LRB- 2005 â `` present -RRB- .
It is also home to the regional offices of the Georgia Tech Economic Development Institute and the Advanced Technology Development Center . The Georgia Tech Savannah campus offers engineering programs in conjunction with Georgia Southern University , South Georgia College , Armstrong Atlantic State University , and Savannah State University .
Cosworth began its associating with Lotus Cars by boring the Kent out to 1340 c for the Lotus 7 .
For each subsequent act of valor , the recipient was awarded a bar in the corresponding class .
In some places , harvestmen are known by the name `` daddy longlegs '' , but this name is also used for two other unrelated arthropods : the crane fly -LRB- Tipulidae -RRB- and the cellar spider -LRB- Pholcidae -RRB- .
Rob Zombie -LRB- born Robert Bartleh Cummings on July 10 , 1965 in Haverhill , Massachusetts -RRB- is a American heavy metal singer , director , producer and screenwriter .
The flannel-like appearance is created by creating a nap from the weft ; scratching it and raising it up .
Unlike a solar eclipse , which can only be viewed from a certain relatively small area of the world , a lunar eclipse may be viewed from anywhere on the night side of the Earth . A lunar eclipse lasts for a few hours , whereas a total solar eclipse lasts for only a few minutes at any given place .
In a combined cycle plant thermal efficiencies are approaching 60 % .
Instead , it reproduced by means of spores .
This group includes Americans of Syrian ancestry , Syrian first generation immigrants , or descendants of Syrians who emigrated to the United States .
The Expos selected Sizemore in the third round of the 2000 Major League Baseball Draft .
Waterways can include rivers , lakes , seas , oceans , and canals .
The highest point of these ruins , a conical hill rising about 30 m above the level of the surrounding plain , northeast of the canal bed , is called by the Arabs Bint el-Amiror `` prince 's daughter . ''
Accuracy of numeric calculations depends on the particular wiki server handling the webpage .
Many criminal operations engage in black marketeering , political violence , religiously motivated violence , terrorism , and abduction .
He relished command of a force small enough to know every constable well .
Young Erwin thought about being an engineer and he showed a talent with technical work ; however , because of his father , young Rommel joined the local 124th WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg Infantry Regiment as an officer cadet in 1910 and , shortly after , was sent to the Officer Cadet School in Danzig .
In the Southern states , racial segregation was enforced by the Jim Crow laws .
The other parent will hunt for food or look for more to add onto the nest .
Gaedel 's autograph now sells for more than Babe Ruth 's because of what he did .
Its first 13400 a have been part of the National Wilderness Preservation System since the System was created in 1964 .
One dromaeosaur species , Balaur bondoc , also possessed a first toe which was highly modified in parallel with the second .
In medicine , a wound is a type of injury in which skin is torn , cut or punctured -LRB- an open wound -RRB- , or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion -LRB- a closed wound -RRB- .
The series dealt with life on board a Royal Navy warship , the fictional HMS Hero .
For instance , a user may choose to license main namespace changes in one license and talk namespace changes in another .
Thus it will dissolve readily in a dilute solution of a strong acid , such as HCl , and also in a solution of an alkali such as sodium hydroxide .
In 1934 , the stadium was renamed EstÃ dio Joaquim AmÃ rico GuimarÃ # es .
She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Cold Mountain -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
The season four episode `` Debate Camp '' features a flashback to the days just before Bartlet 's inauguration , as Donna Moss meets with her Republican predecessor , Jeff Johnson , who makes it clear that the outgoing Republican administration has been in office for eight years .
The CD also had three live songs , Breathe No More , Farther Away , and the band 's cover of Korn 's Thoughtless .
Some non-territorial entities , notably the Sovereign Military Order of Malta , are indeed considered subjects of international law , but these do not aspire to statehood .
Arsenic pentoxide , As2O5 , is an important commercial compound of arsenic .
The link between lung cancer and tobacco was first proved in Nazi Germany , contrary to the popular belief that American and British scientists first discovered it in the 1950s .
Diamond meets Riley at Iron Island , and Byron asks Riley to help Diamond sharpen his PokÃ mon battle skills before Diamond goes to Lake Verity .
Capital of this state is Chennai .
Many Ordovician , Silurian , and Devonian Agnathans were armored with heavy bony-spiky plates .
In the opening volumes of the Histoire naturelle Buffon questioned the usefulness of mathematics , criticized Carl Linnaeus 's taxonomical approach to natural history , outlined a history of the Earth with little relation to the Biblical account , and proposed a theory of reproduction which ran counter to existing ideas .
The Mac Mini is a desktop computer made by Apple Inc. .
In both instances , Louis personally and effectively oversaw local relief efforts , which helped earn him the moniker of Louis the Good .
As his defensive skills increased , his overall game improved , and was picked to play in the 1950 NHL All Star Game .
Principal photography for the film was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days .
It was released on 14 August 1995 as the second single -LRB- the lead single -RRB- the from their second album -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ?
Other explorers visited the island during the early 20th century , during which time it was claimed by Norway until 1930 .
The term `` gross morphology '' refers to the collective structures or an organism as a whole as a general description of the form and structure of an organism , taking into account all of its structures without specifying an individual structure .
Volcanology -LRB- also spelled vulcanology -RRB- is the study of volcanoes , lava , magma , and related geological , geophysical and geochemical phenomena .
' is a commune . It is found in the region Franche-Comt Ã in the Haute-Sa Ã ne department in the east of France .
The mean annual relative humidity in the Barangay is 77 % which is not high .
Major-General Sir Newton James Moore KCMG -LRB- 17 May 1870 -- 28 October 1936 -RRB- , was the eighth Premier of Western Australia and a member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1918 to 1932 .
Japan was the first country to build railway lines for high speed travel .
The song was released in October 2010 , to gain both critical and commercial success , being appreciated by most music critics and described as a party anthem , and reaching the Top 10 in several countries , including the United States , where it ultimately became Pink 's second solo number one hit , following 2008 's `` So What , '' and her third overall .
By late 2002 it had 26 languages , 46 by the end of 2003 , and 161 by the end of 2004 .
The Souda has a near-contemporaneous Islamic parallel , the Kitab al-Fehrest of Ibn al-Nadim .
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. New York Rangers
Together with the former borough of Tempelhof it is now part of the new borough of Tempelhof-Sch Ã neberg .
The cathedral was subject to major restoration work by Sir George Gilbert Scott and A. E. Perkins in the 1860s .
Comblain-au-Pont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Thor gave Magni the horse Gold-Mane . Hrungnir had owned the horse .
A line by the comically insincere character Sir in the 1965 Broadway musical The Roar of the Greasepaint â `` The Smell of the Crowd , who often declares his integrity with references to entirely untrustworthy individuals which his foil Cocky does not understand , declares , `` God knows I 'm not perfect , Cocky , but by the unswerving loyalties of Benedict Arnold , I do believe in forgiving a friend . ''
Margaret Oliphant was another important writer whose criticism of Austen did not have much influence . She described Austen as `` armed with a ` fine vein of feminine cynicism , ' ` full of subtle power , keenness , finesse , and self-restraint -LRB- control -RRB- , ' with an ` exquisite sense ' of the ` ridiculous , ' ' a fine stinging yet soft-voiced contempt , ' whose works are very ` calm and cold and keen ' '' .
Saint-Pierreville is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
His statement `` I want to make of impressionism something solid and lasting like the art in the museums '' , and his contention that he was recreating Poussin `` after nature '' underscored his desire to unite observation of nature with the permanence of classical composition .
In ancient writings the Hanging Gardens of Babylon were first described by Berossus , a Chaldean priest . He lived in the late 4th century B.C. Greek historians later wrote more about them .
Svidler learned to play chess when he was six years old .
Soil science is the study of soil as a natural resource on the surface of the earth including soil formation , classification and mapping ; physical , chemical , biological , and fertility properties of soils ; and these properties in relation to the use and management of soils .
Soyuz -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð ; English : Union -RRB- is a spaceship used by RFSA .
Hippolytushoef is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland .
He discussed the problems he encountered during filming , saying `` Marilyn was so difficult because she was totally unpredictable .
; : Thickness of the borders around the boxes in pixels -LRB- default : 2 -RRB- .
Lehaucourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Other animals attach natural materials to their body for concealment .
In Tyre , Balian of Ibelin had asked Saladin for safe passage to Jerusalem in order to retrieve his wife Maria Comnena and their family . Saladin granted his request , provided that Balian not take up arms against him and not remain in Jerusalem for more than one day .
Leigh suffered from bipolar disorder and often had tuberculosis .
His limbs were displayed , separately , in Newcastle upon Tyne , Berwick-upon-Tweed , Stirling , and Aberdeen .
The old text was replaced with the new text `` Ridente la calma '' , KV 152 -LRB- 210a -RRB- , in a scoring for soprano with piano accompaniment .
Langueux is a commune . It is found in the region Bretagne in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in the west of France .
Mesa Power , a company controlled by former Texas oilman , T. Boone Pickens , planned to build the world 's largest wind farm , called the Pampa Wind Project , as part of the Pickens Plan .
An Uzi is a type of submachine gun . There are many different kinds of Uzis : Mini Uzi , which is a smaller version of the Uzi , Micro Uzi ; which is only slightly larger than a standard pistol , Para Micro Uzi ; which was made for counter terrorist units , and the Uzi Pistol ; which is semi-automatic -LRB- meaning it fires 1 bullet every time you pull the trigger -RRB- .
He is also known for The Dark Show , which in the late 1990 's was Canada 's longest running independent comedy show .
Its title is a play on the expression `` Fuck the World '' .
Creuse is a department found in the center of France .
Excited at the prospect , Ã
The sum of proper divisors gives various other kinds of numbers .
A superstition that is prevalent among many of today 's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Wales -LRB- Eastern Conference champion -RRB- or Clarence S. Campbell -LRB- Western Conference champion -RRB- Trophies after they have won the conference playoffs ; the players feel that the Stanley Cup is the true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that they should be hoisting .
The city is served by U.S. Route 95 , connecting it to New Meadows to the north and Cambridge and Weiser to the south .
This led to a full 2002 Formula Renault UK campaign with Manor Motorsport .
Waltzing Matilda , Waltzing Matilda `` You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' `` Where 's that jolly jumbuck you 've got in your tucker bag ? ''
She was Federal Minister for Special Affairs from 1990 to 1991 , and Under-Secretary of State for Health between 1991 and 1998 .
-LRB- Louis XIV -RRB- -RRB- organised his marriage to Anne Marie d'Orl Ã ans in order to maintain French influence in the Duchy but Victor Amadeus soon broke away from the influence of France .
A three-quarters majority vote from all members is required for re-election after the third term , which acts as a motivation for members to remain active and productive .
The new rail crossing was built next to the road which took South Koreans to KÅ mgangsan , a region that has significant cultural importance for all Koreans .
Written by Himself .
An honorary degree or a degree honoris causa -LRB- Latin : `` for the sake of the honor '' -RRB- is an academic degree for which a university -LRB- or other degree-awarding institution -RRB- has waived the usual requirements , such as matriculation , residence , study and the passing of examinations .
Many crashed due to mishandling on takeoff when a full fuel tank affected the center of gravity .
In 1959 , Thompson was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame .
These include 54509 YORP , , , and 2009BD which exist in resonant orbits similar to Cruithne 's .
Burhou -LRB- pronounced bu-ROO -RRB- is a small island approximately northwest of Alderney that is part of the Channel Islands .
The player uses the touch screen for everything .
Out of solidarity with her husband , MÃ xima 's mother also did not come to the wedding on 2 February 2002 in Amsterdam .
In 1962 , he began serving as a deputy to the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union .
The News Limited now produces mX a free afternoon paper that can be picked up from stands throughout the Melbourne CBD . It is not available outside that area .
For example , Ted Nelson or U.S. Vice President Al Gore is referred to as a visionary in connection with the Internet .
Ankeny was founded by John Ankeny in 1875 and was incorporated on February 28 , 1903 .
He also served as commander of several Army medical units .
One of the ways he paid for his mass entertainments was to tax the senatorial order , and on many inscriptions , the traditional order of the two nominal powers of the state , the Senate and People -LRB- Senatus Populusque Romanus -RRB- is provocatively reversed -LRB- Populus Senatusque ... -RRB- .
Titusville is a city in Brevard County , Florida in the United States .
Although they succeeded in assassinating Caesar , the celebration was short-lived . Mark Antony seized power and turned the public against them .
On his release Zarakolu refused to abandon his work for freedom of thought , because he wanted different thoughts and cultures to be available in Turkey .
Trikala is built on a large plain .
Electric trains started to run over this route in 1908 , using the overhead 6.6 kV , 25 Hz AC electric supply installed and generated at the MR 's own power station in Heysham .
It is named after Palo Verde storekeeper and postmaster A.P. Wiley . In 1907 , Mr. Wiley dug deep into a shallow well dug in 1876 by a stagecoach company which used the nearby Bradshaw Trail .
Antimony trioxide is formed when antimony is burnt in air .
A semitone -LRB- British English -RRB- -LRB- also called a half step or a half tone -RRB- is the smallest musical interval used in Western music . .
Another incident occurred on November 23 , 1984 , when a Soviet tourist , who was part of an official trip to the JSA -LRB- hosted by the North -RRB- , ran across the Military Demarcation Line -LRB- MDL -RRB- shouting that he wanted to defect .
Cassiopeia , the band 's official fan club , is claimed to have more than 800,000 official members just in South Korea , more than 200,000 official members in Japan -LRB- BigEast -RRB- and more than 200,000 international fans -LRB- iCassies -RRB- .
It was not renewed , and no new partnership was announced .
Its main goals are promoting the ability to do science and excellence for sustainable development in the South -LRB- see North-South divide -RRB- .
They made a deal that Apple Computers would not act as a music company . When Apple Computers began to sell their iPod , and set up iTunes , Apple Corps believed they had broken their agreement , and took them to court .
He is currently competing in New Japan Pro Wrestling and SMASH as TAJIRI .
He soon became an officer in the British Army , serving in several battles there .
Melide is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The First Courtyard -LRB- I. Avlu or Alay MeydanÄ -RRB- spans Seraglio Point and is surrounded by high walls .
David Hackett Souter -LRB- ; born September 17 , 1939 -RRB- served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1990 until his retirement on June 29 , 2009 .
Florina -LRB- , known also by several alternative names -RRB- is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece .
Some of the lesbian fan base sees Xena and Gabrielle as a couple and has embraced them as role models and lesbian icons .
The name is derived from the Spanish from the Nahuatl ilamatzapotl whose rough translation is ` old woman 's sapote ' .
The British Rail Class EF1 -LRB- Electric Freight 1 -RRB- was a class of electrically powered locomotives used by British Rail in England .
Since leaving MADtv , Anton developed an extensive resume on television .
It is the largest university in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education -LRB- PaSSHE -RRB- and is the commonwealth 's fifth largest university .
He also won golds at the 2001 World Championships and 2002 Commonwealth Games .
This group collapsed in 1888 and it was not until 1897 that the third Dunedin Choral Society was formed with James Coombs as conductor .
jpg thumb upright AnnaSophia Robb 's portrayal of Leslie was praised ; one critic enjoyed her `` engaging '' performance '' , and thought `` only the story 's vibrant young heroine -LRB- ... -RRB- draws us in enough to care '' . -RRB- -RRB-
`` Piss '' and its association with vulgarity has led to its current classification as obscene , as well as its use in such colloquial expressions as `` to piss off '' and `` piss poor '' . Euphemisms such as `` pee '' are used , but there are many more for the act of urination .
DR Movie is a Korean animation studio . It was organised in Seoul in 1990 .
Until 1815 , the Madras Presidency also issued a currency based on the panam , with 12 panams equal to the rupee .
Kruishoutem -LRB- in French and English Cruyshautem -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
The members of this group are Michael Bivins , Ronnie DeVoe , Ricky Bell , Johnny Gill , Ralph Tresvant and Bobby Brown .
The members were Lawrence Livermore -LRB- more commonly known as Larry Livermore -RRB- on guitar and vocals , Kain Kong -LRB- Kain Hanschke -RRB- on bass and vocals and Tre Cool on drums and vocals .
Before leaving the cage Hercules picks up a stick and makes a torch .
It has seven subspecies , but only T. m. confinis in the southwest is particularly distinctive , with pale gray-brown underparts .
These doors prevent suicides and unauthorised access to restricted areas , as well as enable climate control in stations .
Hernando County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Harvey is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States , near Chicago .
This allows you to quickly welcome the user with the template specified in the parameter -LRB- by default -RRB- or easily open the user 's talk page with Friendly 's welcome dialogue already visible -LRB- if the parameter is set to -RRB- .
It was at this pass that the Emperor Akbar lost most of his 8000-man army in an abortive attempt to invade Swat in 1586 .
Ganesha has several other names .
`` Cop Killer '' is a 1992 song by American band Body Count , from its 1992 self-titled debut album .
Hubert-Folie is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
He resigned as leader of the Republican People 's Party on May 10 , 2010 .
Marlboro also sponsored Scuderia Ferrari as secondary sponsor from the mid 1980s as a result of company president Enzo Ferrari , who refused to allow `` outside '' sponsor brands to appear on his team cars .
She has two sisters , Carrie and Lori , and one brother , Robby .
The Cuban rumba figure starts on beat 2 , counting -LRB- pause -RRB- 2 , 3 , 4-1 as -LRB- pause -RRB- quick , quick , slow with the hip settling over the standing foot on 4-1 .
He and Dirk Adorf won some VLN races with a V8Star Series in 2003 and 2004 .
Frequency was followed by a similar game , Amplitude in 2003 .
Ervillers is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
There were 4,695 households out of which 29.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.00 % were married couples living together , 15.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.60 % were non-families .
In TTP models , the relying parties use this trust to secure their own interactions .
51 Pegasi b -LRB- 51 Peg b -RRB- is the first , and so far only , discovered planetary-mass companion of its parent star .
The Antennae peculiar galaxy consists of the colliding NGC 4038 and NGC 4039 , and appears to have a heart shape as seen from Earth .
The width of 8 Î 1\/4 m forces the red blood cells to partly fold into bullet-like shapes in order to bypass them in single file .
In 1759 , Washington married Martha Custis Washington .
Dynamic-link library -LRB- also written as Dynamic Link Library or DLL -RRB- , is the Microsoft 's implementation of shared libraries used by the Microsoft Windows operating systems .
-LRB- citation needed -RRB- The color of the stripes , from the top down , following this pattern : white , red , blue , white , red , blue , white , red .
Dorus gained most of his fame as a result of his service to the Noord - en zuid-Hollandsche Redding Maatschappij -LRB- NZHRM -RRB- , one of the two main Dutch lifeboat-societies at the time .
His father was a successful goldsmith from AjtÃ s , near Gyula in Hungary .
WÃ 1\/4 renlingen is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A fourth tunnel was discovered on March 3 , 1990 north of Haen town in the former Punchbowl battlefield .
It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group , along with the Pasadena Star-News and the Whittier Daily News .
Central Europe is the region lying between the areas of Eastern and Western Europe .
Canadian Tire ` money ' distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada .
A girl -LRB- Sorcha -RRB- must sew six shirts from a painful nettle plant in order to save her brothers from a witch 's enchantment , remaining completely mute until the task is finished .
Tishomingo is a city in Johnston County , Oklahoma , United States .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
The Treaty of Lisbon was signed in 2007 between 27 European states that are members of the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- . It became effective on December 1 , 2009 .
Offences against property -LRB- designed to maintain stability -RRB- and for murder ranged from cutting of a foot and hand for theft and beheading for murder -LRB- except for those occurring as a result of duel -RRB- .
There being no capital punishment in Italy at the time , he was sentenced in Milan on August 29 , 1900 , to penal servitude for life on Santo Stefano Island near Ventotene , where numerous other anarchists had also been sent over the years .
The arrondissement of Tournon-sur-Rh Ã ne is an arrondissement of France , located in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the RhÃ ne-Alpes rÃ gion .
Kenichiro Tokura -LRB- born 31 May 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
However , this does not happen in computer hardware because of memory latency and other aspects of the architecture .
Depending on the size of the motorcade and who it is carrying , streets may be completely blocked off so no-one else can use them .
Mercury compounds are found in some over-the-counter drugs , including topical antiseptics , stimulant laxatives , diaper rash ointment , eye drops , and nasal sprays .
The club who wins the Scottish First Division is promoted to the Scottish Premier League -LRB- SPL -RRB- , if they meet stadium criteria .
He was `` The Phoenix of Wits '' and `` Monster of Nature '' by Miguel de Cervantes because he did so much work . Lope de Vega renewed the Spanish theater when people were becoming interested in it .
These can be matters such as government structure , the treatment of minorities , events of considerable public concern or economic questions .
They are often referred to as defencemen , defensemen , D , D-men or `` blueliners '' -LRB- the latter a reference to the blue line in ice hockey which represents the boundary of the offensive zone ; defencemen generally position themselves along the line to keep the puck in the zone -RRB- .
It overwinters in pine , cypress , and eucalyptus groves in California . It overwinters in fir forests and pine groves in Mexico .
The Roman Catholic church of the Blessed Virgin Mary holds services in Croatian and Hungarian .
Haldi is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Hume was born near Parramatta , a town close to -LRB- and now a part of -RRB- Sydney .
Nordic skiing is a sport in the Winter Olympics . It is like uphill skiing .
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people .
The Gospel connects the escape to a verse from the Old Testament , which is seen as a prophecy : `` Out of Egypt I called My Son . ''
There was little movement in 164 ; most of the year was spent on preparations for a renewed assault on Parthian territory .
In the 1920s the orchestra began to get money from the state . It was an excellent orchestra and was famous abroad .
Ruth Landes -LRB- October 8 , 1908 , New York City - February 11 , 1991 , Ontario , Canada -RRB- was an American cultural anthropologist best known for studies on Brazilian candomblÃ cults and her published study on the topic , City of Women -LRB- 1947 -RRB- .
Together they formed New Music Manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
It was Nestor 's second Australian Open mixed title while for Srebotnik it was her first .
His 1939 team is the last NCAA team in history to hold every regular season opponent scoreless .
Richard James Bragnalo -LRB- born December 1 , 1951 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian ice hockey center .
He confirmed that his child had died of unknown causes at about one-year-old .
The SC Paderborn 07 is a football club which plays in Germany .
For efficiency the sectors should be serviced in order of proximity to the current head position , rather than in the order received .
Locke never married nor had children .
Her salary for Gentlemen Prefer Blondes amounted to $ 18,000 , while freelancer Jane Russell was paid more than $ 100,000 .
The Poughkeepsie Bridge -LRB- sometimes known as the Poughkeepsie Railroad Bridge , the Poughkeepsie-Highland Railroad Bridge , the High Bridge , or , since October 3 , 2009 , the Walkway Over the Hudson State Historic Park -RRB- is a steel cantilever bridge spanning the Hudson River between Poughkeepsie , New York on the east bank and Highland , New York on the west bank .
The Kingdom of Great Britain was superseded by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on 1 January 1801 , when Great Britain was united with the Kingdom of Ireland by the Acts of Union of 1800 following the suppression of the Irish Rebellion of 1798 .
The last type of school district is a CSD -LRB- Community School District , sometimes called a Consolidated School District -RRB- .
Like many other stegosaurians , it had plates all down its back and spikes on its tail .
Manchester subsequently made a successful bid to host the 2002 Commonwealth Games , using the stadium plans from the Olympic bid .
Viriat is a commune in the Ain department in the RhÃ ne Alps of eastern France .
Denier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais dÃ partement in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The formatting of most mathematical formulas uses special TeX markup in the HTML tags : -LRB- see HELP : Math -RRB- .
Channel Five 's Gadget Show cooked a flash drive with propane ; froze it with dry ice ; submerged it in various acidic liquids ; ran over it with a jeep and fired it against a wall with a mortar .
The section of the M6 which runs over Shap Fell in Cumbria is 1050 ft -LRB- 320 m -RRB- above sea level . This is one of the highest points on any motorway in the UK .
The couple had five children : Margaret Mason -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , Helen Carolyn -LRB- 1897 -RRB- , John Edwin -LRB- 1900 -RRB- , Maude Ann -LRB- 1904 -RRB- and James Sherman -LRB- 1913 -RRB- .
The experiment will be the largest of its kind in the world to date , and begin operation no later than 2009 .
Palmetto is a city of Florida in the United States .
For example , if a key signature has only one sharp , it must be an F sharp .
He has the distinction of being one of three drivers to win the GP2 series championship in his maiden season , along with Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg .
Sid tries to get with Michelle , but Tony takes her back before anything happens . After catching Tony trying to have sex with Maxxie during their class trip to Russia , Michelle breaks up with Tony again , except this time she will not take him back .
Many species have areas of colored skin on the face . These areas can be bright blue , orange , red or yellow .
In French , Chocolat 's name translates to `` Best Chocolate '' . Chocolat 's name may be romanized as Chocolat or Chocola .
The self is an individual person as the object of his or her own reflective consciousness . The self has been studied extensively by philosophers and psychologists and is central to many world religions .
It had been officially released everywhere except North America by 8 February 2010 -LRB- US and Canada on 9 February 2010 -RRB- â `` seven years after the release of their last non-soundtrack , standalone studio album , 100th Window .
Frederick Nelson Pyatt -LRB- born September 9 , 1953 in Port Arthur , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian ice hockey player .
The space before the dash is a non-breaking space .
Woit made his presence known as a junior while playing for the Port Arthur Flyers and Bruins of the TBJHL and the St. Mike 's Majors of the OHA .
The National Express East Anglia service north to Tottenham Hale may see a re-opened station at .
Guys and Dolls is a musical with music and lyrics by Frank Loesser and book by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows .
He began teaching in Maribor , and later moved to Linz to teach history .
Worth combined individual tailoring with a standardization more characteristic of the ready-to-wear clothing industry , which was also developing during this period .
The plan for setting up a new `` Tri-Service Command '' , which will integrate all the three forces under a single command , is also in the pipeline .
He always played a very high number of games , almost all of the rounds , and won three board medals , one gold and two bronze .
Batista was pinned by Orton , winning the match for his team .
In book 2 , both movements are in D-sharp minor .
Young was awarded the King 's Police Medal -LRB- KPM -RRB- in 1952 and was appointed Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George -LRB- CMG -RRB- in 1953 and Commander of the Royal Victorian Order -LRB- CVO -RRB- in 1962 .
In 2007 , less than 5 % of veal calves were raised in a group environment .
Moville is a city in Woodbury County , Iowa , United States .
kerfeldt explained :
AlbÃ niz continued to travel all over the world . In 1883 , he met the teacher and composer Felipe Pedrell , who inspired him to write Spanish music such as the Suite EspaÃ ola , Op .
Objective Caml , or OCaml , is the main implementation of the Caml programming language , created by Xavier Leroy , JÃ rÃ me Vouillon , Damien Doligez , Didier RÃ my and others in 1996 . OCaml extends the core Caml language with object-oriented constructs .
jpg thumb -LRB- 409x599 -RRB- px right Cheryl Hines -RRB- -RRB- Cheryl Hines is an American actress and television director . She is most noted for playing Cheryl in the HBO show Curb Your Enthusiasm .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were yet to be invented .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf lies at the center of the Lower Rhine basin , on a River delta , where the DÃ 1\/4 ssel flows into the Rhine .
Originally known as the second Mademoiselle de Blois , that style eventually gave way to the name FranÃ oise Marie de Blois .
Censorship is the suppression of speech or other communication which may be considered objectionable , harmful , sensitive , or inconvenient to the general body of people as determined by a government , media outlet , or other controlling body .
British convicts were transported to the Georgia -LRB- US State -RRB- between 1733 and the American Revolution .
He ordered fish and chips for lunch , but instead of fish he got squid -LRB- it was the first time he 'd eaten squid , and he said , `` It was OK .
The number 0 is the `` additive identity '' for integers , real numbers , and complex numbers .
Burley is a city of Idaho in the United States .
The haplorrhines , the `` dry-nosed '' primates -LRB- the Greek name means `` simple-nosed '' -RRB- , are members of the Haplorrhini clade : the prosimian tarsiers and all of the true simians .
Only two rivers in Perm Krai have lengths exceeding 500 Â km .
Gottfried Silbermann -LRB- born Kleinbobritzsch , 14 January 1683 ; died Dresden , 4 August 1753 -RRB- was a very important German builder of keyboard instruments .
The band recorded the album with producer Ken Andrews -LRB- Pete Yorn , Mae -RRB- in Los Angeles in spring 2007 .
Note : Please order correspondents alphabetically by last name within each group .
Examples of formal words are `` a '' , `` the '' , `` more than '' , `` over '' , `` under '' , `` two '' , `` group '' , and so on .
Chiron comes to rescue them with his strangely dressed relatives , the Party Ponies .
Zapata County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas .
Urban area is 55.58 kmÂ , urban population is 68,165 .
Though these animals are like pet mice and rats , the tail of a spiny mouse is much more delicate .
A secondary intent of CommonsTicker is to increase the Sister-project-to-Commons communication .
Satoshi Koga -LRB- born 12 February 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Nazi anti-tobacco policies were not exempt of contradictions .
Haynes learned to dribble the basketball from his sisters . His skills may have been helped by handling the ball on the dirt courts of his hometown .
`` The Way We Was '' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons second season .
Once closed , the IP address should be unblocked .
In 2007 , Kramnik lost the title to Viswanathan Anand , who won the World Chess Championship tournament ahead of Kramnik .
Percy and Clarisse find it at a zoo .
Chevry is a commune .
Since its introduction the class has been successful and has been sold to British and other European railway companies . In Continental Europe it is marketed as the EMD Series 66 -LRB- JT42CWR -RRB- .
After last season 's winner , Owen -LRB- Scott McCord -RRB- , forgoes his prize money of C$ 100,000 for a challenge -LRB- open to all 22 of Total Drama Island contestants -RRB- in which the winner would receive C$ 1,000,000 , the money was left in limbo after a situation resulted in a 14-way tie .
Lake City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The expansion of the collection brief to include online publications set the course for collecting , cataloguing and storing such publications as part of Germany 's cultural heritage .
Pyinmana -LRB- , ; population : 100,000 -LRB- 2006 estimate -RRB- -RRB- is a logging town and sugar cane refinery center in Mandalay Division of Myanmar .
Cristian Brocchi -LRB- born 30 January 1976 -RRB- is an Italian football player . He plays for Lazio .
In cryptography , a key-agreement protocol is a cryptographic protocol by which two or more parties can agree on a key in such a way that both have an effect on the results .
Menan is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Bonneville-sur-Touques is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Huntsville is the county seat of Madison County .
It is recorded that John Kelly built this house in about 1859 when Ned was about five years old .
In late 1990 , shortly after the band 's first worldwide tour , Sobrante left the band .
The bow is the best for a debut track at Rhythmic since BeyoncÃ entered at No. 21 with `` Crazy In Love '' in 2003 .
It was also the first season to feature an amputee -LRB- Chad Crittenden , who had lost a foot to cancer -RRB- and two open lesbians -LRB- motivational speaker Scout Cloud Lee and former Playboy model Ami Cusack -RRB- .
The Xena fandom also popularized the term Altfic -LRB- from `` alternative fiction '' -RRB- to refer to same-sex romantic fan fiction .
Tied in a muslin bag , oat straw was used to soften bath water .
Any changes made during the Finnix session are transparently written to RAM and discarded upon shutdown .
Aras , having won the Reward Challenge , chose to take Cirie on a luxurious yacht trip through the Panama Canal ; but not before leaving with a debate with Terry as he accused him for complaining every time he lose challenges and blurting out `` disparaging comments about women . ''
The series was ranked first on Nickelodeon in Germany , Indonesia , Malaysia , Belgium , and Colombia .
It has been practiced by both right-wing and left-wing political parties , nationalistic groups , religious groups , revolutionaries , and ruling governments .
North Buena Vista is a city of Iowa in the United States .
It was released on January 17 , 1992 through Lookout !
A chastity belt is a device , locked around the wearer 's genitals , intended to prevent sexual intercourse .
He continued to write music including odes to the king and royal family .
This branch was successful enough that Queen Elizabeth II in 1996 officially created the Priory of the United States of America , the seventh priory at the time , with John R. Drexel as the first Prior .
In 1945 , Hyde & Vredenburg moved its headquarters from Lamoni to Chariton , Iowa , after buying the Chariton Wholesale Company .
Dubuque is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Shirov is also a well-regarded chess author .
Oscar J. Hijuelos -LRB- born August 24 , 1951 -RRB- is an American novelist .
Charles Stewart Parnell made a speech condemning the murders in 1882 .
The team ran cars in many motorsport series including Formula One , Formula Two , Formula Ford , Formula Junior , IndyCar and sports car racing .
RTÃ has many other services .
Symantec funded the testing and provided some of the scripts used .
The NHC upgraded Bertha to a Category 2 with winds of 105 mph -LRB- 170 km\/h -RRB- and stated that Bertha could intensify further to major hurricane status again , but instead weakened into an 85 mph -LRB- 135 km\/h -RRB- Category 1 hurricane .
Both cities were named in honor of sea captain George Vancouver , although the Canadian city was incorporated 29 years after the incorporation of Vancouver , Washington , and more than 60 years after the name Vancouver was first used in reference to the historic Fort Vancouver trading post on the Columbia River .
This happened in 1994 when Caledonian , Inverness Thistle and Ross County left .
A rhombus with all angles equal is called a square . A rhombus is usually tilted on its side .
The Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- OED -RRB- dates the use of `` puce '' -LRB- in couleur puce -RRB- in English from 1787 .
He was probably the first senator in his family .
In a number of seminal cases , the High Court has developed several doctrines which underlie the interpretation of the Australian Constitution .
This tradition originates from the Tokugawa period , when the population of Edo -LRB- Tokyo -RRB- , being considerably wealthier than the rural poor , were more susceptible to beri beri due to their high consumption of white rice , which is low in thiamine .
Throughout the story , it has been slowly revealed that Max 's father killed his mother by strangling her , and that Grim and Gram hate his father and are afraid of Max ending up like him .
Mannheim is the largest city of the Rhine Neckar Area , a metropolitan area with about 2.4 million inhabitants .
John Landis -LRB- born August 3 , 1950 -RRB- is an American movie director .
Inside the DMZ , near the western coast of the peninsula , is a place called Panmunjeom . The Joint Security Area -LRB- JSA -RRB- is located there .
He decides not to watch the fight and cuts the cable .
Also of note is the American English dub of Ultraman Tiga by 4Kids Entertainment that aired in 2002 .
Today engineering industries and services form the largest part of economy in Rheine .
Theatre was part of a festival called the Dionysia , which honored the god Dionysus .
It is also the common English-language translation of a number of Buddhist titles .
Via the Roman Empire , Greek culture came to be foundational to Western culture in general . The Byzantine Empire inherited Classical Greek culture directly , without Latin intermediation , and the preservation of classical Greek learning in medieval Byzantine tradition further exerted strong influence on the Slavs and later on the Islamic Golden Age and the Western European Renaissance .
In Smithson 's will , he stated that should his nephew , Henry James Hungerford , die without heirs , the Smithson estate would go to the government of the United States to create an `` Establishment for the increase & diffusion of Knowledge among men '' .
Pompey fled from Pharsalus to Egypt , where he was assassinated on the order of Pharaoh Ptolemy XIII .
The channel features hourly news updates called 60 Seconds , presented by Sam Naz during the week , which include the top news , sport and entertainment stories .
We have disused it a long time -LRB- ... -RRB- .
The reign of Emperor Kimmei -LRB- 509 ?
The band changed its name to `` Keane '' .
The State of Hunza was previously under the domination of Nagar . The area was collectively called Buroshall and the capital was Capal Dongs .
He married Maria Magdalena of Austria and had eight children .
Keith and Mitchell were tied 3-3 at Tribal Council . In earlier Tribal Councils , Keith had no votes , but Mitchell had one ; so he was eliminated .
Saint-Michel-de-Chabrillanoux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 2002 is a United Kingdom Statutory Instrument that states general requirements on employers to protect employees and other persons from the hazards of substances used at work by risk assessment , control of exposure , health surveillance and incident planning . There are also duties on employees ' to take care of their own exposure to hazardous substances and prohibitions on the import of certain substances into the European Economic Area .
Bebhionn or Saturn XXXVII -LRB- provisional designation S\/2004 S 11 -RRB- is a moon of Saturn .
Slovakia currently has 79 districts , with the city of Bratislava divided into 5 districts and the city of KoÅ ice divided into 4 districts .
The original Duchy of Saxony comprised lands of the Saxon people in the north-western part of present-day Germany , namely , the contemporary German state of Lower Saxony as well as Westphalia and Western Saxony-Anhalt , not corresponding to the modern German state of Saxony .
In fact , more than 90 % of cases occur in people over the age of 60 . Ischemic colitis is the the most common form of bowel ischemia .
The tomb of Saladin stands in a small garden adjoining the north wall of the mosque .
Following two summers of friendship with Dill , Scout and Jem find that someone is leaving them small gifts in a tree outside the Radley place .
Daniel Paul Merriweather -LRB- born February 17 , 1982 in Melbourne , Australia -RRB- is an Australian R&B singer\/songwriter .
There are a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures there . These include the Great Sphinx , the Great Pyramid of Giza , and a number of other large pyramids and temples .
The zoo , located in Los Angeles ' Griffith Park , is home to 1,100 animals from around the world .
In clockwise order , the pavilions are :
The first written mention is from 1231 as Lievenwerde .
She was accompanied by her mother whose presence was necessary to satisfy the requirements of David Anstey , chief warden , who was concerned for their safety ; Tanzania was `` Tanganyika '' at that time and a British protectorate .
The IPCC also supports other activities , such as the Data Distribution Centre and the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme .
The first witch hails Macbeth as `` Thane of Glamis '' , the second as `` Thane of Cawdor '' , and the third proclaims that he shall `` be King hereafter '' .
Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band , but they speedily shifted their style to heavy metal .
In ancient civilizations , books were often in the form of papyrus scrolls , which contained about the same amount of text as a typical chapter in a modern book .
From 1995 , the competition went from being the KNVB Cup Tournament to being known as the Amstel Cup after the then sponsor Amstel .
According to 2005 Census Bureau estimates , the population of the city is 20,821 . Mountain Brook is a particularly affluent city within the Birmingham metropolitan area and has appeared in several lists of America 's wealthiest communities .
Depending on the value of the parameter , one of the following banners will be displayed .
Sergio AgÃ 1\/4 ero -LRB- born 2 June 1988 -RRB- is an Argentine football player .
RPM was intended mainly for Linux distributions ; the file format RPM is the baseline package format of the Linux Standard Base .
Strong also enjoyed mountain climbing .
Saint Valentine 's Day , commonly shortened to Valentine 's Day , is an annual commemoration held on February 14 celebrating love and affection between intimate companions .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 kmÂ .
The provinces are divided into 105 districts called -LRB- zillahs -RRB- .
AbÃ chÃ is the 4th largest city in Chad , the capital of OuaddaÃ Region .
Internet Explorer 5 and browsers which do not support JavaScript will render the elements without the -LRB- hide\/show -RRB- links and will not collapse them .
A.J. Foyt , Al Unser and Rick Mears each won the Indianapolis 500 four times on the traditional oval . Jeff Gordon has also won four times on the oval in the Brickyard 400 .
The loan is generally provided at a cost , referred to as interest on the debt , which provides an incentive for the lender to engage in the loan .
Other towns near Hungen are Laubach Nidda , WÃ lfersheim and MÃ 1\/4 nzenberg .
Knights and Dames Commanders and Companions may display the circlet , but not the collar , surrounding their arms .
Donnerstag Mittag . ''
Metis ' density implies that that moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10 â `` 15 % , and Adrastea may be similar .
In Natural Capitalism , 1999 , Paul Hawken , Amory Lovins and Hunter Lovins advanced an argument to assign the value of Earth in current currency .
It also calls the sub-template .
The anti-nuclear movement grew in California between 1964 and 1974 .
The league is divided evenly into two conferences â '' the American Football Conference -LRB- AFC -RRB- and National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- , and each conference has four divisions that have four teams each , for a total of 16 teams in each conference .
River West Brands currently owns the ColecoVision brand name .
The Mets play in Hunter Wright Stadium named after Mayor Hunter Wright .
In flight dynamics , the principal rotations are known as pitch , roll and yaw .
This unofficial add-on has a sunny Caribbean atmosphere , nice beaches and hotels as well as some of the original Duke Nukem 3D stuff fit in .
Saint-And Ã ol-de-Fourchades is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
In 1882 , the Chinese Exclusion Act was passed and Chinese workers who chose to stay in the U.S. could no longer be with their wives who stayed behind in China .
Stewards can also act as checkusers , oversighters or bureaucrats on wikis which do not have local members of those groups .
The consuls could convene the Senate , and presided over its meetings .
Over 80,000 visitors attended .
Darwin agreed that the phrase survival of the fittest was better than natural selection .
In Robert de Boron 's Merlin , Arthur obtained the throne by pulling a sword from a stone .
Madeleine McCann disappeared on the evening of Thursday , 3 May 2007 . She was on holiday with her parents and twin siblings in the Algarve region of Portugal .
His brother Stefano told their mother : `` Do n't you see that Alex is good in the attack ? ''
In the town of Collombey-Muraz , there is an oil refinery .
The family then moved to the British colony of Southern Rhodesia -LRB- now Zimbabwe -RRB- in 1925 to farm maize , when her father purchased around one thousand acres of bush .
Brayton is a city in Audubon County , Iowa , United States , along the East Nishnabotna River .
Nonetheless , the book was well received , perhaps due to the previous success of Les MisÃ rables .
Izanagi says that he will create a thousand and five hundred every day .
In the 18th century Linnaeus and others had classified man as a primate , but without drawing evolutionary conclusions .
These bacteria use sulfur compounds , particularly hydrogen sulfide , a chemical highly toxic to most known organisms , to produce organic material through the process of chemosynthesis .
Since 1996 the orchestra has been resident at the Bridgewater Hall .
At the time of his death he was -LRB- and still is -RRB- one of the longest serving Cardinals in the Church 's history .
Franklin M. `` Frank '' Thomas -LRB- September 5 , 1912 -- September 8 , 2004 -RRB- was an American animator .
To increase the brand awareness , they re-entered the Firestone brand into IndyCar racing in 1995 . In 1997 , Bridgestone Corporation Japan entered the Bridgestone brand into Formula One racing .
Dormice are different to all other rodents because they do not have a cecum which is a part of the gut . Other animals use the cecum to ferment plants .
He also conducted sophisticated tests and developed engineering methods for water turbine design .
On 21 March 2006 , about 2,500 workers , who were upset over buses that were delayed for the end of their shifts , protested , damaging cars , offices , computers , and construction equipment .
The method relies on two separate decay chains , the uranium series from 238U to 206Pb , with a half-life of 4.47 billion years and the actinium series from 235U to 207Pb , with a half-life of 704 million years .
Mason Evan Raymond -LRB- born September 17 , 1985 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Its tail feathers are iridescent blue-black with broad white tips on the outer two to three pairs .
The provisional state existed for slightly over two years .
The latter act prompted Arnold to join the opposition to those taxes , and also led him to join the Sons of Liberty , a secret organization that was not afraid to use violence to oppose those and other unpopular Parliamentary measures .
About 4 % of the weight of an adult human is bone marrow , that is about 2.6 kg .
`` She 's Hearing Voices '' was later re-recorded for the Bloc Party 's debut album Silent Alarm in 2005 , while `` The Marshals Are Dead '' was re-recorded and released on the 7 '' and DVD single versions of `` So Here We Are '' .
Lascelles felt that critics before her had all worked in a way `` so small that the reader does not see how they have reached their conclusions until he has patiently found his own way to them '' .
In the following year he was made Master of the Rolls , and in 1470 was sent as ambassador to the court of Castile .
Saint-Fraimbault-de-Pri Ã res is a commune of 904 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Father of Ernest and Albert , founders of the Ernestine -LRB- continuing below -RRB- and Albertine Saxon lines -LRB- see section Albertine Dukes of Saxony above in this article -RRB- .
However , in the next two halo games , Halo 2 and Halo 3 , many important alien characters appear .
The ... for dummies is a series of books that try to explain something very simply . The series was created in 1991 by Dan Gookin .
Policy settings can be configured for each user and for each machine .
The bird flu virus H3N2 is endemic in pigs in China . It has recently been found in pigs in Vietnam .
Services from Highbury & Islington station to Tower Bridge and Kennington Gate started on 10 April 1908 .
In the early 1970s , she became a founding member of The Furies Collective , a lesbian feminist newspaper collective which held that heterosexuality was the root of all oppression .
Modern materials such as concrete and plastic are also used and some clay tiles have a waterproof glaze .
BuxiÃ res-sur-Arce is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Manure is organic matter used as fertilizer in agriculture .
The average rainfall varies from 48 to 69 m.m per annum which is much below the required quantity but in the rainy season the water torrents flow from North to the river Jhelum with a very fast speed and cause damages to the crops , bridges , roads and are responsible for the soil erosion in the District .
In 1948 he organized a World Congress of Intellectuals in WrocÅ aw , after which he went back to live in Warsaw .
A theoretician in communication theory and radical constructivism , he has commented in the fields of family therapy and general psychotherapy .
Kim Eun-Jung -LRB- ; born 8 April 1979 -RRB- is a South Korean footballer who plays as a striker for Jeju United FC in K-League .
The depression organized further and developed two distinct bands of convection .
Under new coach Leonardo MadelÃ n , team results improved markedly , and the team staved off relegation in a play-off against AtlÃ tico de Rafaela . In the second half of 2009 , team performance deteriorated again , forcing MadelÃ n 's exit .
There he discovers Percy Jackson , a half-blood , and alerts Mr. Brunner the Latin teacher , who really is Chiron , Camp Half-Blood 's activities director .
His stepfather chased him away each time he wanted to see his mother .
Magnesium is the 11th most abundant element by mass in the human body ; its ions are essential to all living cells , where they play a major role in manipulating important biological polyphosphate compounds like ATP , DNA , and RNA .
Plaster or Plaster of Paris is a material similar to mortar and cement .
Steven John Pressley -LRB- born October 11 , 1973 in Elgin , Moray -RRB- is a Scottish former international footballer . He last played for Falkirk in the Scottish Premier League .
In many mammals the infants have a set of teeth that fall out and are replaced by adult teeth .
The surface of the cerebral cortex is folded in large mammals , such that more than two-thirds of it in the human brain is buried in the grooves , called `` sulci '' .
Although since 1976 the state Virginia law permitted school districts to implement 60 seconds of silence at the start of each school day , in 1985 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that an Alabama `` moment of silence or voluntary prayer '' law was unconstitutional , in the case Wallace v. Jaffree . In April 2000 , a new law came into being ; requiring all Virginian public school students to observe a moment of silence .
Roure is a commune .
In an attempt to make the party more broadly appealing to larger segments of the population , the DAP was renamed on February 24 , 1920 to the National Socialist German Workers ' Party .
Despite his short career in politics , Milk became an icon in San Francisco and `` a martyr for gay rights '' , according to University of San Francisco professor Peter Novak .
The ` Nagami ' kumquat requires a hot summer , ranging from 25 Â C to 38 Â C -LRB- 77 Â to 100 Â F -RRB- , but can withstand frost down to about -10 Â without injury .
As an adjective , heterodox is commonly used to describe a subject as `` characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards '' -LRB- status quo -RRB- .
If the bill passes the first house and is rejected by the second , then after three months the first house may pass it again .
The leaves are alternately arranged simple ovals . They are 5 to 12 cm long and 3 - wide .
The median age was 44 years .
Red Bull has also been the target of criticism concerning the possible health risks associated with the drink .
The tree has always been a cultural symbol .
In 1975 ; Cosworth developed the DFX , by destroking the engine to 2650 c and adding a turbocharger , the DFX became the standard engine to run in IndyCar racing , ending the reign of the Offenhauser , and maintaining that position until the late 1980s .
In addition to cloth , aprons can be made from a variety of materials .
Gary , whom NakÃ m wanted gone , surprised the tribe with the Hidden Immunity Idol at Tribal Council .
'' March No. 3 in C minor '' was finished in November 1904 and published in 1905 .
It includes these extant orders :
In taste the berries range from tart to sweet . They have a flavor similar to that of a blueberry .
According to experts , the benefits of a booming economy like India joining the F1 calendar are clear .
The heart must work harder .
Formerly , fellowships of the institute were granted , although no longer ; those who continue to hold this title instead add FRIBA .
They see some mysterious footprints which turn out to belong to the Mastodon , a local boy .
It became a tropical storm on October 11 .
A tropical wave that was first noted on August 17 tracked westward and reached the Caribbean Sea on August 26 .
Data storage equipment uses either :
Archery is the art , practice , or skill of propelling arrows with the use of a bow , from `` arcus '' -LRB- Latin -RRB- .
Giancarlo briefly ran a customer Formula One Ferrari as Scuderia Everest in 1976 . In 1979 , he gaining financial backing Piero Mancini .
However , according to Endino , the labels on the rolls of tape were near-illegible and thus the name of the preacher remains unknown .
Lago di Muzzano can be found in this municipality .
But they have n't ; instead , troublesome users are generally ignored , and so are their angry remarks about your wiki-reputation .
On 29 May 1854 The State of Maryland declared its independence , naming itself Maryland in Liberia -LRB- it was also known as the Republic of Maryland -RRB- , with its capital at Harper .
Other visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor .
He played hockey from a young age , participating in informal street hockey matches with others his own age .
Shamrock then rolled out of the ring and grabbed steel steps and when the referee tried to take it off him , he threw the referee into the corner ; The Rock quickly grabbed the steps and hit Shamrock with it as the referee recovered .
If the page causing the error is changed to use a faster template , then that WIKIMEDIA message page will no longer re-display .
She has not said whether she will be reprising the role again , although on Doctor Who Confidential she said that she thinks `` It 's never really the end for the Doctor and Rose '' but it probably was `` for the foreseeable future '' .
It first started on the Fox network in the United States on May 2 , 1991 .
6 of the total of 8 cars of the train on the Joetsu Shinkansen derailed near Nagaoka Station in Nagaoka , Niigata .
In the U.S. state of California , U.S. Route 101 -LRB- US 101 -RRB- is one of the last remaining and longest U.S. Routes still active in the state , and the longest highway of any kind in California .
While the principal use of beef cattle is meat production , other uses include leather , and products used in shampoo and cosmetics .
In languages with closures , variables must continue to exist as long as any existing closures have references to them .
It is highly irrigated , well peopled , and crowded with small fortified villages , orchards and groves , to which a fine background is afforded by the dark pine forests and alpine snows of the Safed Koh .
TerpeziÅ # a is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,920 people .
Some of the MSN services affected by the rebranding included MSN Hotmail , which became Windows Live Hotmail ; MSN Messenger , which became Windows Live Messenger ; MSN Search , which became Live Search -LRB- now known as Bing -RRB- ; MSN Virtual Earth , which became Live Search Maps ; MSN Spaces , which became Windows Live Spaces ; MSN Alerts , which became Windows Live Alerts ; and MSN Groups , which became Windows Live Groups . Some other related services , such as MSN Direct , have remained a part of the MSN family without transitioning to Windows Live .
It has grown across nearby hills and along the Tennessee River , adding textile mills , then munitions factories , to become a major city , including NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command nearby at the Redstone Arsenal .
He heads north to Narnia with a talking horse , Bree , a Calormene noblewoman , Aravis , and her talking horse , Hwin .
A fully grown tree may lose several hundred gallons of water through its leaves on a hot , dry day .
In 1805 , Jean-Baptiste de Montgolfier was detached from Vidalon to create a factory in Saint-Marcel .
From 1888 to 1892 he was president of the London Chamber of Commerce ; from 1889 to 1890 vice-chairman and from 1890 to 1892 chairman of the London County Council .
It is in this book that we meet Juniper , Grover 's wood-nymph girlfriend , who is sobbing hysterically as The Council of Cloven Elders ' decide that Grover has been searching far too long for the god Pan so they give him a week to find Pan , and if he does n't , his searcher 's license will be revoked .
Des Plaines is a city of Illinois in the United States .
He was Mayor of West Berlin from 1967 to 1977 , and was President of the Bundesrat in 1967\/68 .
Contrary to conventional wisdom , several studies actually reveal a positive correlation between the frequency of masturbation and the frequency of intercourse as well as the number multiple sex partners .
The difference between the two species is small . Currently , Chinchilla brevicaudata seems to be facing extinction .
St. Anne 's has a large and productive Student Cabinet which is made up of students in all grades .
It is a popular place for Indian and foreign tourists , including students studying Tibet .
1412 â `` 30 May 1431 -RRB- is a national heroine of France . She is also a Catholic saint .
Afterwards he said his riding was never the same , because he always be in pain , especially while climbing .
Symptoms can include a harsh , dry hacking\/coughing , retching , sneezing , snorting , gagging or vomiting in response to light pressing of the trachea or after excitement or exercise .
A Harris Poll , released January 2011 , placed Wayne third among America 's favorite film stars , the only deceased star on the list and the only one who has appeared on the poll every year since it first began in 1994 .
During the mating season early in the year , the males exhibit blue coloring on their backs ; their flanks are stippled black and white , and on the belly are marked with a blue stripe .
New airplanes contain advanced avionics such as autopilot , inertial guidance systems and GPS receivers .
Jodie Marsh -LRB- born 23 December 1978 -RRB- is a British glamour model and media personality .
Most critically , however , the record puts a spotlight on the universal phenomenon of the press ` canonizing ' people into media martyrdom in TV or print by turning their death into overexposed spectacle .
Night or nighttime is the period of time when the sun is below the horizon .
She says she got the idea for the name from Kathryn Price NicDhÃ na , who had also written about it . Margot Adler 's 1979 book , Drawing Down the Moon has a chapter on `` Pagan Reconstructionists '' , and Kathryn NicDhÃ na says this is probably where she got the idea , even though the book does not mention Celtic Reconstructionists , just other kinds .
According to Frege the reference of a sentence is a truth value ; for Husserl it is a `` state of affairs . ''
The Third Treaty of San Ildefonso -LRB- formally titled the Preliminary and Secret Treaty between the French Republic and His Catholic Majesty the King of Spain , Concerning the Aggrandizement of His Royal Highness the Infant Duke of Parma in Italy and the Retrocession of Louisiana -RRB- was a secretly negotiated treaty between France and Spain in which Spain returned the colonial territory of Louisiana to France .
Although describing itself as `` America First '' , the show has also hosted foreign guests , including Croatian white nationalist Tomislav SuniÄ , Australian white nationalist Drew Fraser , Russian Austrian School economist Yuri Maltsev , British lawyer Adrian Davies , Canadian conservative blogger Kathy Shaidle , and British National Party -LRB- BNP -RRB- leaders Simon Darby and Nick Griffin ; Griffin appeared as a guest before and after his election to the European Parliament .
The MacBook Air includes Mac OS X Snow Leopard pre-installed , along with Apple 's iLife multimedia suite .
Beckham County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Balm bei Messen is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
In its second week , fell to # 3 , again behind the Spielberg film at # 2 .
After a quick elimination of two contestants , the couple Geoff -LRB- Dan Petronijevic -RRB- and Bridgette -LRB- Kristin Fairlie -RRB- , a second challenge determined the team captains of the two competing teams : the Screaming Gaffers , headed by Gwen -LRB- Megan Fahlenbock -RRB- , and the Killer Grips , headed by Trent -LRB- Scott McCord -RRB- .
While opera performances are held in the Prinzregententheater -LRB- completed in 1901 -RRB- , the company 's home base is the National Theatre Munich on Max-Joseph-Platz .
In 1947 Rodrigo became a professor of music history in Madrid , a job that was made especially for him .
The system is not difficult to learn and remember , but in some modern editions -LRB- Immanuel Bekker -RRB- the work is rearranged alphabetically .
Their discussion was important in that it persuaded Jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the Union , which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above .
`` Good morning , Frank , '' greeted HAL .
La Guardia revitalized New York City and restored public faith in City Hall .
Bhopal city also called as the city of Lakes . Bhopal is also headquarter of Bhopal District .
Shogun Iemitsu ordered the creation of the artificial island in 1634 . He did this at first to keep the Portuguese merchants living in Nagasaki in one area .
Louis XIII of France -LRB- 27 September 1601 â `` 14 May 1643 -RRB- was King of France from 1610 to 1643 .
After his flight , he was in brief demand as a motivational speaker and he quit his job as a truck driver .
The album was re-released in a remastered CD with bonus tracks in August 2003 in the US as Live at Wembley Stadium after the companion DVD .
In Shinto , Takama-ga-hara is the dwelling place of the Kami .
Montreuil is a town in the east suburbs of Paris , France .
Lennon did participate in this session .
These flies are clothed in black or pale -LRB- white or golden -RRB- hairs , and are themselves either black or metallic green or blue .
Their diet is omnivorous : they take a range of saps and exudates , lerps , and a high proportion of arthropods which they find under the loose bark of eucalypts : spiders , crickets , beetles , and the like .
Sigale is a commune .
Thus it is possible to design a multicore CPU is where each core is an independent processor containing multiple parallel superscalar pipelines .
The shelters contain several impressive paintings that deal with creation ancestors .
Overall health is achieved through a combination of physical , mental , and social well-being , which , together is commonly referred to as the Health Triangle .
Alverstone is a village 3 kilometres from the east coast of the Isle of Wight , near Sandown .
The city exports coffee , cocoa , copra , and palm kernels .
Children 's Literature wrote , `` This fast-paced story is full of adventure and humor . Readers will relate to good natured Percy , the protagonist . ''
The question of whether the Queen is Australia 's head of state became a political one during the 1999 Australian republic referendum , when opponents of the move to make Australia a republic claimed that Australia already had an Australian as head of state in the person of the Governor-General , who since 1965 has invariably been an Australian citizen .
A veritable epidemic of vampirism swept through Eastern Europe beginning in the late 17th century and continuing through the 18th century .
It was the first Fedora release to include Mono and tools built with it such as Beagle , F-Spot and Tomboy .
All members of Octopodiformes have 8 arms .
When taken from the Romanian language , RomÃ cents nia Mare means Great Romania . However , it is usually translated to English as Greater Romania instead .
The final score was 50 to 42 .
There are a lot of things for visitors to see including the Conservation Park , located on the main highway at Taranna , the Port Arthur Historic Site and a number of beaches .
It was Walter who would convince Andrew Carnegie that New York needed a first-class concert hall and on May 5 , 1891 both Walter and Russian composer Piotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky conducted at the inaugural concert of the city 's new Music Hall , which in a few years would be renamed for its primary benefactor , Andrew Carnegie .
In these genera , a number of species are each confined to a stretch of the north coast between rivers which descend from the Atlas mountains to the Mediterranean .
Group for LGBT Muslims that quickly became very popular .
: Often he is shown to people at the time ; : other times they do not recognize him .
Elzo AloÃ sio Coelho -LRB- born 22 January 1961 -RRB- , better known as Elzo , was a Brazilian football player who played for the Brazil National Team and SL Benfica .
Instead of focusing on wrestling movies , WWE produces movies that are non-wrestling related .
Josh Lyman said in the days prior to the election `` Bartlet was punching brick walls '' as the result seemed too close to call , before the result broke his way .
It was mainly filmed aboard the Leander-class frigate HMS Phoebe .
Apple 's subsequent 1996 buyout of NeXT brought Jobs back to the company he co-founded , and he has served as its CEO since 1997 .
Previously less developed areas were opened up for development with more transport options .
FÃ tima is a town in Portugal famous for the religious visions that reportedly took place there in 1917 .
After the show , fourth-place finisher Elisabeth Filarski went on to co-host talk show The View .
In 1958 , he removed the constitution and declared martial law .
Recently , some companies have been contracted to provide additional emergency crews and vehicles to supplement the core NHS staff at busy times -LRB- such as New Year -RRB- .
Quotation marks can also offset a nickname embedded in an actual name , or a false or ironic title embedded in an actual title ; for example , Nat `` King '' Cole , Miles `` Tails '' Prower , or John `` Hannibal '' Smith .
Playing for Pizza is a short novel by John Grisham , released on September 25 2007 .
Imitation or fake pearls are also widely sold in inexpensive jewelry , but the quality of their iridescence is usually very poor , and generally speaking , artificial pearls are easily distinguished from genuine pearls . Pearls have been harvested and cultivated primarily for use in jewelry , but in the past they were also stitched onto lavish clothing .
Galileo imaged almost all of the surface of Metis and put constraints on its composition by 1998 .
His many achievements include work on planetary orbits , measuring the mean density of the Earth , a method of solution of two-dimensional problems in solid mechanics and , in his role as Astronomer Royal , establishing Greenwich at the location of the prime meridian .
A disturbance to the southwest of Guam developed into Tropical Storm Roger on October 3 , and later on the same day the tropical disturbance which would later become Typhoon Tip developed to the south of Pohnpei .
In 1975 UPI added a Defensive Player of the Year Award for both the NFC and AFC .
Hydrogen tellurite loses a proton at this pKa to become the tellurite ion . This would happen in the reaction of tellurous acid with sodium hydroxide to make sodium tellurite .
A longitudinal engine is an engine mounted in a vehicle so that the engine 's crankshaft is parallel with the vehicle , front to back .
Aranc is a commune .
Griffith discovered that a harmless strain of Streptococcus pneumoniae could be made virulent after being exposed to heat-killed virulent strains .
It is the county seat of Marshall County .
He is a Catholic saint , also known as Trojan and Troyen . His feast day is held on 30 November .
Herne is a village , in the civil parish of Herne and Broomfield , near Herne Bay in Kent , South East England .
The XSL attack , if effective and would weaken Serpent -LRB- though not as much as it would weaken Rijndael , which became AES -RRB- .
It was the 21st annual SummerSlam event and starred wrestlers from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
A handwriting analysis conclusively matched the two .
Outside Italy , dry pasta is frequently made from other types of flour -LRB- such as wheat flour -RRB- , but this yields a softer product that can not be cooked al dente the same way . There are many types of wheat flour with varying gluten and protein depending on variety of grain used .
William I of Orange-Nassau , -LRB- April 24 , 1533 â `` July 10 , 1584 -RRB- was an important leader of the Dutch rebellion against the Spanish in the Eighty Years ' War .
A tribe reshuffling took place instead of a reward challenge .
Nigel Farage left the Conservative Party in 1992 after the Maastricht Treaty was signed by John Major 's Conservative government .
It lived during the Bathonian to Callovian stages , around 165 million years ago , some 20 million years before its famous relative , Stegosaurus appeared in North America .
During the year 2010 's Union Budget , Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee mentioned that the proposed symbol would reflect and capture the Indian ethos and culture .
If is specified , the message gets passed on to it .
Aurora is the Latin word for dawn .
The motivations for these behaviors are only partly known , mainly because the respecive species has not been fully studied yet .
; GA Replace `` Georgia -LRB- U.S. state -RRB- '' in links with specified text , i.e. `` Georgia '' .
Metamorphic rock is rock that has been changed .
The metre -LRB- or meter -RRB- per second squared is the unit of acceleration in the International System of Units -LRB- SI -RRB- .
Experienced arm wrestlers can have tendons 3 - 4 times bigger than average people .
Hatshepsut had been well trained in her duties as the daughter of the pharaoh .
Unlike other Royal Society medals , the Hughes Medal has never been awarded to the same person more than once .
He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Rams and was selected to two Pro Bowls with the Chiefs .
Boiry-Becquerelle is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Normally , the Archbishop of Canterbury performs coronations , but the incumbent Archbishop , William Sancroft , although an Anglican , refused to recognize the validity of James II 's removal .
Masahiro Kazuma -LRB- born 22 June 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Nebraska Legislature is the supreme legislative body of the State of Nebraska , in the Great Plains region of the United States .
Christians had lived in peace during most of the rule of Diocletian .
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy -LRB- born 2 January 1975 -RRB- is an Ukrainian football player .
The next farthest out , Larissa was originally discovered in 1981 when it had occulted a star .
The Library has grown , added and subtracted parts , nearly been destroyed , and moved from one end of the campus to the other in its 100 + year career .
It won the Newbery Honor in 1968 .
The scientific name Homo rudolfensis was proposed in 1986 by V. P. Alekseyev for the specimen Skull 1470 -LRB- KNM ER 1470 -RRB- .
According to Robert F. Collins of the United States Forest Service , Dr. Thomas Walker named the river , in 1750 , Louisa River , after Princess Louisa , the wife of Prince William Augustus , Duke of Cumberland -LRB- Walker had just named the Cumberland River a month or two earlier -RRB- .
In the early 1960s , English county cricket teams began playing a shortened version of cricket which only lasted for one day .
Saint-Georges-sur-Renon is a commune .
The song was produced by Butch Walker and mixed by Lavigne 's former husband Deryck Whibley .
He has written over twenty plays and many non-fiction works . Many have been translated into several languages .
There is also a harbor with regular transport to the African mainland and the other islands in the Comoros archipelago , as well as Madagascar and other Indian ocean islands .
One famous conjecture was Fermat 's Last Theorem .
He is also Second Secretary of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba -LRB- PCC -RRB- , Commander in Chief -LRB- Maximum General -RRB- of the Armed Forces -LRB- Army , Navy , and Air Force -RRB- and is the younger brother of Fidel Castro .
`` One More Minute '' is an original song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
Aurel is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
An unusual feature of the river is the Niger Inland Delta . This forms where the river suddenly becomes less steep .
The renamed La Trobe Reading Room reopened in 2003 .
After the second World War Bad Aibling evolved into a major center for intelligence organizations and secret services .
Rions is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Hutton later read an abstract of his Concerning the system of the Earth , its duration and stability on 4 July 1785 , which he had printed and circulated privately .
Careful design of the pole pieces ensures that the magnetic field is uniform , so that the angular deflection of the pointer is proportional to the current .
A Ferris wheel and observation wheel have a horizontal central axis , and parallel axes for each gondola , where the rotation is opposite , by gravity or mechanically .
Angelo State University is a public university in San Angelo , Texas .
Longfellow , in trying to save her , had burned himself badly enough that he was unable to attend her funeral .
Fifth parameter contains style options .
Gray is used to indicate that the reward challenge is individual and not tribal .
They have that , indeed , but , in equal measure they express the milieu -LRB- society -RRB- in which he lived and they show that when he was behind a camera , he became a giant , a true inventor , a force of invention , a recreator of life . ''
El Salvador national football team is the national football team of El Salvador .
In the 5th and 6th centuries , an Alamanni settlement existed .
Registration is the act of registering or being registered .
Mesnil-Saint-P Ã re is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
He went on to win the bronze medal .
IvÃ n Ramiro CÃ rdoba SepÃ lveda -LRB- born 11 August 1976 in Rionegro , Antioquia Department -RRB- is a Colombian footballer , who currently plays for Internazionale and the Colombia national team .
Walt Disney World Resort is owned and operated by the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts segment of The Walt Disney Company .
A zeer is constructed by placing a clay pot within a larger clay pot with wet sand in between the pots and a wet cloth on top .
This is because , it is used again and again , and every year more is added to the nest until it may soon become as large as 4 m deep , 2.5 m across and weigh 1 tonne . One nest in Florida was found to be 6.1 m deep , 2.9 m across , and to weigh 3 S. The nest is built out of branches , usually in large trees near water .
The deemsters also make the Isle of Man 's laws official , by reading them out to the people in English and Manx on Tynwald Day .
It took the efforts of an officer in Napoleon 's army to change this .
The community aspect of BookCrossing.com has grown in ways that were not expected at the start , in the form of blog or forum discussions , mailing lists and yearly conventions all over the world .
For other uses , see Roquefort -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- Roquefort is a commune of 230 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Midi-Pyr Ã nÃ es in the Gers department in the southwest of France .
The cartoon characters quickly realize that something must be done about his addiction and they set off , leaving Pooh behind .
These fragments collided with Jupiter 's southern hemisphere between July 16 and July 22 , 1994 , at a speed of approximately 60 km\/s . The prominent scars from the impacts were more easily visible than the Great Red Spot and persisted for many months .
Straubing is a city in Lower Bavaria , Germany .
deb file + its dependencies that can be installed offline , created by SuperDeb Creator -RRB- in Super OS .
It comprises the inside curve or Big Bend area of the western coast of the state and encompasses Citrus , Dixie , Hernando , Jefferson , Pasco , Levy , Taylor , and Wakulla counties .
Friar Vicente de Valverde , who had earlier offered the Bible to Atahuallpa , intervened again , telling Atahuallpa that if he agreed to convert to Christianity he would convince the rest to commute the sentence .
This category is for articles and events specifically related to the 6th century , which began in the year 501 and ended in the year 600 .
From early in his career he worked with famous lyric sopranos Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and Irmgard Seefried , and the recording producer Walter Legge , producing very popular albums of lieder by Franz Schubert and Hugo Wolf .
Sometimes , towns in a MSAD do not have an elementary school but possess a high school and\/or middle school , whereas the surrounding towns have the elementary schools .
from Yale University in 1947 .
Ross registered the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy -LRB- GCCF -RRB- in Great Britain in 1966 and started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of geneticist Pat Turner .
There are more than 1000 species of fish in Florida 's inshore waters .
Walter Smith was born in Lanark , South Lanarkshire , and grew up in Carmyle in the east end of Glasgow as a boyhood fan of Rangers .
It was divided into twenty districts called nomes , the first of which was at el-Lisht .
The Siamang -LRB- Symphalangus syndactylus -RRB- is a tailless , black furred gibbon native to the forests of Malaysia , Thailand , and Sumatra . It lives in trees , that 's why it is called arboreal .
Co-executive producer Kevin Falls also left the show .
Khumbu lies near Mount Everest , which the Tibetans and Sherpas call Chomolungma which in Tibetan means Mother Goddess of the Earth .
He was a child prodigy at the piano . From 1916 to 1926 , he studied at the Mozarteum in Salzburg , where he was encouraged to concentrate on conducting by his teacher , who detected his exceptional promise in that regard .
The Avatar State tips the battle in Aang 's favor , and makes swift work of Ozai .
The term `` Paro '' means a mysterious or secret pattern to that action done by one 's own Will .
They do not want that and nothing you do , however many of us you kill , will stop that flight to our city where freedom is strong and where people can live in harmony with one another .
There is no logic !
Applied mechanics examines the response of bodies -LRB- solids and fluids -RRB- or systems of bodies to external forces .
Even a simple text-editor , such as Microsoft Notepad , can be used to handle some complex changes , by using multiple text string-substitutions .
Hideto Inoue -LRB- born 27 June 1982 in Ehime prefecture , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
On December 30 , 1922 , the Congress adopted a Declaration and Agreement on the establishment of the USSR .
His childhood was filled by disease and war , which he spent in Tashkent .
David MuÃ oz is the older brother , born in 1976 .
The theater opened in 1783 with a performance of the tragedy Emilia Galotti by the German playwright Gotthold Lessing .
By regulation , all of the produce was to be put toward use in the prison kitchen , but prisoners and guards alike often skirted this rule and indulged in the garden 's offerings .
Before he was on television , he sang in the rock band Pray for the soul of Betty .
While working in Ring of Honor for a year , James also debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- on the company 's second ever weekly pay-per-view under her Alexis Laree gimmick as a participant in a lingerie battle royal .
Major towns in the province include CÃ rdenas , Colon , Jovellanos and the capital of the same name , Matanzas .
Sunny Isles Beach is a city located on a barrier island in northeast Miami-Dade County , Florida , United States .
Fife is a county on the north coast of the Firth of Forth , Scotland .
It is the flagship university of the University of Colorado system and was founded five months before Colorado was admitted to the union in 1876 .
The Kea is one of the few alpine parrots in the world .
In namespaces where subpages are supported , you can create a subpage simply by linking to the name of the subpage , prefixed with a slash -LRB- e.g. \/ Archive -RRB- .
Zhejiang is an eastern coastal province of the People 's Republic of China .
There are two festivals that are considered Sunnah .
Avoiding the troublemakers tends to be a good method to reduce abuse .
A second competition of five comedic playwrights followed , and the winners of both competitions were chosen by a group of judges .
: \* Wikizine is short so it does not take long to read it : \* If possible every topic is only a very brief summary with the URLs to more information about it : \* Technical news is considered the most important news : \* News is mostly only included if it is relevant or interesting for the larger Wikimedia community and not only for a specific wiki : \* The target audience are sysops and higher , ambassadors , board members of the chapters : \* It is written in English but it is for readers from many languages : \* It is hoped that the readers will spread the news that is relevant for their home-wiki to their local community and that they report news back upstream so it can be shared with the rest of the Wikimedia community : \* It is POV .
A glass partition behind the driver 's cab enabled passengers in the leading and rear coaches to have an excellent view of the line ahead or behind .
Though fairly restricted in range , it is common enough to be considered a Species of Least Concern by the IUCN .
The Garter snake is a Colubrid snake genus -LRB- Thamnophis -RRB- common across North America , ranging from Alaska and Canada to Central America .
Despite his political and military talents , Pachacuti did not improve the system of succession .
It includes an inbound intrusion detection system , as well as the ability to control which programs can create outbound connectionsâ '' the latter not available in the Windows XP Service Pack 2 firewall .
The station is on the Victoria Line and the London Overground Gospel Oak to Barking Line , in Travelcard Zone 3 . It is the least used station on the Victoria Line with 6.179 million passengers per year .
He claimed to have memories of being rescued by Gypsies from a burning building when he was a tiny child and that the Gypsies taught him to beg , steal , and do acrobatic tricks , but no one knows if this is true .
Thalheim is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
However , after a carefully planned search effort the bird was rediscovered by Geoffrey Orbell near Lake Te Anau in the Murchison Mountains , South Island , on November 20 , 1948 .
In 2008 , Cavendish returned to the track , winning the Madison World Championships in Manchester with Bradley Wiggins , as Great Britain topped the medal table .
Finally , in 1861 parts of Burke County , Caldwell County , McDowell County , Watauga County , and Yancey County were combined to form Mitchell County .
The Class 125 was a design of three car Diesel Multiple Unit built for British Rail in 1958 .
However , the driftwood provides shelter and food for birds , fish and other aquatic species as it floats in the ocean .
Livonir Ruschel -LRB- born July 2 , 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player who has recently played for Shonan Bellmare in Japan .
Fresno Yosemite International Airport -LRB- FAT -RRB- , formerly known as Fresno Air Terminal , provides regularly scheduled commercial airline service .
Guillemin and Andrew V. Schally discovered the structures of TRH and GnRH in separate laboratories .
Saint-Jean-de-Muzols is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Jean FrÃ dÃ ric Bazille -LRB- December 6 , 1841 â `` November 28 , 1870 -RRB- was a French Impressionist painter whose major works often foreground the figure within a landscape painted en plein air .
; U6 -LRB- North -RRB- : Extension Garching-Hochbr Ã 1\/4 ck - Garching - Garching-Forschungszentrum This extension through the town of Garching connects Campus Garching of Technische UniversitÃ t MÃ 1\/4 nchen and other research institutes to Munich U-Bahn network .
South Shropshire is a area of Shropshire in England .
Prior to the start of the season , the divisions of the league were re-aligned to better reflect the geographical locations of the teams .
WCVP-FM -LRB- 95.9 -RRB- in Robbinsville , WGHC-AM -LRB- 1400 -RRB- in Clayton , Georgia and WFSC-AM -LRB- 1050 -RRB- , WPFJ-AM -LRB- 1480 -RRB- , WFQS-FM -LRB- 91.3 -RRB- , and WNCC-FM -LRB- 96.7 -RRB- based in Franklin , North Carolina
Most of Dowland 's music is for his own instrument , the lute .
This article concerns the trains used on the Waterloo & City Line immediately prior to its takeover by London Underground in 1994 .
The Pentaport Rock Festival is a rock festival in South Korea . It is held each year in Incheon for three days in the last week of July .
The KPD expelled him in January 1922 , and later that year Reuter returned to SPD .
The stadium roof is toroidal in shape , and is suspended from steel cables attached to eight towers , which provide access to the upper tiers of seating via spiral ramps .
Other than its orbit , radius of 21 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
Zaragoza , Toledo , and Badajoz had previously been the border military districts of the Caliphate .
His Waterworld script was thrown out , and only two of his lines were kept in the final script of X-Men .
Voyager 1 finished photographing the Jovian system in April 1979 .
Vero Beach is a city of Florida in the United States . It is the county seat of Indian River County .
CancuÃ n is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization , located in the PasiÃ n subregion of the central Maya lowlands in the present-day Guatemalan Department of El PetÃ n. The city is notable for having one of the largest palaces in the Maya world .
uses another modified template , which was derived from .
Insolation affects temperature . The more the insolation , the higher the temperature .
Stefano Mei -LRB- born 3 February 1963 in La Spezia -RRB- is an Italian long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 and 10000 metres .
The permeability of most materials is very close to 1 . That means that the permeability of most materials is close enough that we can typically ignore it and use the permeability of free space instead .
Knut was only the size of a guinea pig , and had to spend the first 44 days of his life in an incubator before zookeeper Thomas DÃ rflein began raising the cub .
It is home to a major hydroelectric power plant at Thurlow Dam operated by Alabama Power Company .
An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel or gear .
One can find it as a vein mineral in deposits from hot springs , and in caverns as stalactites and stalagmites .
-LRB- The Jewish Revolt was already ongoing . -RRB-
Apollo Justice : Ace Attorney is an adventure game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld .
Thul is an administrative subdivision of Jacobabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
On August 15 and August 16 , this hurricane made landfall near Mobile , Alabama .
These houses , made of plants , protect the muskrat from predators , since the only entrance is underwater .
There are about 8,700 parish and town councils in England , and about 1,500 parishes with only parish meetings .
The Pakistan Constitution does not explicitly make mention of sexual orientation or gender identity .
Hadley served as a senior foreign and defense policy advisor to then-Governor Bush during the 2000 presidential campaign and worked in the Bush-Cheney Transition on the National Security Council .
There are estimations that a single groundhog burrow occupies a full cubic meter , displacing 320 kilograms of dirt .
While attempting to recall his favorite WrestleMania moments , Muhammad Hassan and Daivari interrupted him with Hassan expressing his outrage for not being included in a match for the event .
The Battle of Thermopylae -LRB- , ; , MachÄ `` tÅ n ThermopylÅ n -RRB- was fought between an alliance of Greek city-states , led by Sparta , and the Persian Empire of Xerxes I over the course of three days , during the second Persian invasion of Greece . It took place simultaneously with the naval battle at Artemisium , in August or September 480 BC , at the pass of Thermopylae -LRB- ` The Hot Gates ' -RRB- .
David A. Meltzer -LRB- born October 24 , 1961 -RRB- is the editor of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter -LRB- WON -RRB- .
For a full-length -LRB- 90-minute -RRB- movie , there would be about 64,800 stops . IF some of the parts were done with only a single , not double frame , there would be even more stops .
Opus Dei was started by a Roman Catholic priest , Josemaria EscrivÃ , on 2 October 1928 in Madrid , Spain .
On 1 September 1967 , the consultants submitted the Hong Kong Mass Transport Study to the government , which recommended the construction of a 40 m rapid-transit rail system in Hong Kong .
The parable of the Faithful Servant and parable of the Ten Virgins , adjacent in Matthew , involve waiting for a bridegroom , and have an eschatological theme : be prepared for the day of reckoning .
The classic telling is the Argonautica of Apollonius of Rhodes , composed in mid-third century BC Alexandria , recasting early sources that have not survived .
Australia Post says that postcode squares should not be used for machine-addressed mail , or mail going overseas .
BÃ thonsart is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Most albums have different estimates of sales .
Tucker had to take a break from drumming in 1970 , when she became pregnant .
In 1828 he became interested in politics and joined a group which later on probably became the GieÃ en and Darmstadt section of the `` Gesellschaft fÃ 1\/4 r Menschenrechte '' -LRB- Society for Human Rights -RRB- .
That said , Alice was not particularly enamored with FDR either ; she described Franklin as `` two-thirds mush and one-third Eleanor '' .
He served as Leader of the Conservative Party from June 1997 to September 2001 and is currently the British Foreign Secretary and First Secretary of State under David Cameron .
The population was 4,054 at the 2000 census .
ambox td.mbox-image .
The area was ruled by the British Governor in Khartoum .
In 1988 it produced a translation of the Apostles ' Creed , distinguished among other things by its avoidance of the word `` his '' in relation to God .
Following his father 's assassination , in April 1865 , Robert Lincoln moved with his mother and his brother Tad to Chicago , where Robert completed his law studies at the Old University of Chicago -LRB- a school different from but later assumed by the university presently known by that name -RRB- .
It was acquired by competitor Commerzbank in December 2009 .
He held a Burnet Fellowship at the University of Western Australia from 1998-2003 .
plays for Urawa Red Diamonds in the J. League .
HÃ ron is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
The clearest sign of the Early English period was the pointed arch known as the lancet .
Born in Fort William , Ontario , he played for the Montreal Maroons and Chicago Black Hawks .
The Parbatya Chattagram Jana Sanghati Samiti -LRB- Bengali : à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à à à -- à à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à à à à à Parbotto ChÃ á á ogram JÃ noshÃ nghoti Shomiti , or PCJSS , -RRB- is a political party formed to represent the people and indigenous tribes of the Chittagong Hill Tracts in Bangladesh .
It is the UK 's oldest extant symphony orchestra -LRB- and the fourth oldest in the world -RRB- , supports a choir , youth choir and a youth orchestra , and releases its recordings on its own record label , though it has occasionally released recordings on Angel Records and EMI .
The tail swings as a second hand and eyes move back and forth to give illusion of it watching you .
It is accessible with a four-wheel drive vehicle , and is a good location for fishing .
Lise began her acting career at age 13 .
There are 18 internet service providers located in the capital of North-Rhine Westphalia . With two of the four big German providers of mobile frequencies , D2 Vodafone and E-Plus , DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf leads the German mobile phone market .
He became an American citizen on February 1 , 2008 .
Its county seat is Okmulgee .
This is a specific trait with key consequences that in the past has often been confused with innate shyness , inhibitedness , innate fearfulness , introversion , and so on .
Molson is a Canadian brewery that was created in 1786 by the founder John Molson . It is the fifth largest brewery in the world .
These include the French Line , the Rig Road , and the QAA Line .
Pindall is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
This was especially the case with regards to its management of state finances , as only it could authorize the disbursal of public fund from the treasury .
He has played for Yamaha Motors .
In 1983 , Yamoussoukro was made the capital of the country , but most government offices and foreign embassies are still in Abidjan .
Cory reasons that if she does what Michael does , then maybe they could have fun together , like they used to before he started doing drugs .
By September 1866 construction had advanced to the point where the Board of Trade inspector Captain Henry Tyler could make an initial inspection and report .
It was Prince Philip who broke the news of her father 's death to Elizabeth .
As it drives , or is driven , out over the ocean , it is lifted above the denser marine air .
`` Duke Nukem 3D moves the ` shooter ' through pornography stores , where Duke can use XXX sex posters for target practice .
Meowth collects them and keeps them in its nest .
On March 10 , 2005 , Viacom and WWE decided not to go on with the agreement with Spike TV , making it so Raw and other WWE programs on the network would cease when their deal expired in September 2005 .
This worship in different perspectives or historical traditions addresses God under the names of Narayana , Krishna , VÄ sudeva or more often `` Vishnu '' , and their associated avatars .
The northernmost species -LRB- C. revoluta -RRB- is found at 31 Â N in southern Japan .
The design of the 727 was thought up as a compromise between United Airlines , American Airlines , and Eastern Air Lines and their requirements for a jet plane to fly to smaller cities , many with shorter runways and less passenger demand than the 707 , a bigger plane that was the only jet airplane made by Boeing at the time .
Bogdan Stelea -LRB- born 5 December 1967 -RRB- is a former Romanian football player .
His roles include two BAFTA award-winning BBC Wales dramas : as Sam Tyler in the drama Life on Mars and as the Master in the long-running science fiction series Doctor Who .
There were some movements considered heresies by the early church which do not exist today and are not generally referred to as denominations .
Vonnegut suffered smoke inhalation and was hospitalized in critical condition for four days .
The word bodhicitta combines the words for enlightenment -LRB- Bodhi -RRB- and mind -LRB- Citta -RRB- .
In some literary sources of later historical periods , elevators were mentioned as cabs on a hemp rope and powered by hand or by animals .
GamesRadar described it as an `` all-around bad-ass '' and `` the Bruce Lee of PokÃ mon '' , suggesting its design as similar to the Egyptian God Anubis .
Go Nakamura -LRB- born 29 November 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He made his purpose known to the Bishop of London at the time Cuthbert Tunstall .
Seungyeon 's version was released on October 26 , 2009 .
The body wall consists of a thin layer , which secretes a tough cuticle ; this is molted several times while growing to adulthood .
Sylvester 's name is a play on the word , Felis silvestris which is a scientific name for the wild cat species although Sylvester is a domestic cat .
At the 2006 Winter Olympics , Weir skated a personal best short program and was in second place behind Evgeni Plushenko in that segment .
Collard Bridge marks the start of an 8 m climb , mainly at one in fifty -LRB- 2 % -RRB- , to Blackmoor Gate .
Norris responded to the Chuck Norris Facts on his official website , chucknorris.com , with a statement .
The kingdom of the Cheras comprised the modern state of Kerala , along the western or Malabar Coast of southern India .
In the 2005 â `` 06 season , Babchuk was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes for Danny Richmond on January 20 , 2006 .
Garden Cress is commercially grown in England , France , the Netherlands and Scandinavia .
Catherine of Aragon wed Prince Arthur by proxy .
The kurtosis of a frequency distribution is the concentration of scores at the mean , or how peaked the distribution appears if depicted graphically -- for example , in a histogram .
Other than Durnan and Luongo , five other goaltenders have captained their team : John Ross Roach of the Toronto St. Patricks , George Hainsworth of the Montreal Canadiens , Roy Worters of the New York Americans , Alex Connell of the Ottawa Senators , and Charlie Gardiner of the Chicago Black Hawks .
Near the end of its course , it creates a wide delta -LRB- with hundreds of small channels and five main ones , called Po di Maestra , Po della Pila , Po delle Tolle , Po di Gnocca and Po di Goro -RRB- at the southern part of which is Comacchio , an area famous for eels .
Atsuhiro Iwai -LRB- born 31 January 1967 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The most common grain milk is rice milk , while the most common plant milk is soy milk .
Once in 1978 when on loan in Marseille -LRB- recovered a few days later in the city 's sewers -RRB- , again in 1998 -LRB- in which the museum 's curator was convicted of the theft and jailed for five years along with two accomplices -RRB- and finally in August 2007 .
The single was released as a digital download to both iTunes and Amazon.com on April 22 , 2008 .
It was Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz during 1676 â `` 1689 who first attempted a mathematical formulation of the kind of energy which is connected with motion -LRB- kinetic energy -RRB- .
Most developed countries ' voting power was reduced , while countries including Nigeria .
In a live-axle suspension system , the axles serve to transmit driving torque to the wheel , as well as to maintain the position of the wheels relative to each other and to the vehicle body .
The original footprints of Datta are believed to be located on the lonely peak at Mount Girnar .
During World War II , on September 15 , 1939 , KoÅ skowola was taken by German troops and occupied .
+ -LRB- -LRB- MW -RRB- -LRB- W W. \* W -RRB- ? -RRB-
After these teams Check , a left winger , spent a season with the New York Rovers of the Eastern Amateur Hockey League .
A bassist is a musician whose musical instrument is a bass guitar or a double bass .
Dean drifted to the northwest , weakening into a remnant low which dissipated uneventfully over the southwestern United States .
Monza is a city in the region of Lombardy . In 2009 it will become the capital of the Province of Monza and Brianza .
In other words , for an orthonormal space with any number of dimensions , the dot product is invariant under a coordinate transformation based on an orthogonal matrix .
Adriaan Blaauw -LRB- April 12 1914 â '' December 1 2010 -RRB- was a Dutch astronomer .
The Wall is the eleventh album by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd .
BiernÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In 1990 Phelps took part in a mission from the then-forming EBRD to Moscow , where he and Kenneth Arrow designed a proposal for the reform of the USSR .
AW allows users to own worlds and universes , and develop 3D content .
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listed four songs of Muddy Waters of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll .
Corte was the capital of the Corsican independent state during the period of Pasquale Paoli .
For the avoidance of doubt , where the Work is a musical work , performance or phonogram , the synchronization of the Work in timed-relation with a moving image -LRB- `` synching '' -RRB- will be considered an Adaptation for the purpose of this License .
Vere Gordon Childe -LRB- Usually known as Gordon Childe -RRB- -LRB- Sydney , New South Wales , 14 April 1892 â `` Mount Victoria , New South Wales , 19 October 1957 -RRB- was an Australian archaeologist .
Thaksin Shinawatra -LRB- , ; ; ; born 26 July 1949 -RRB- is a Thai billionaire politician and businessman who was Prime Minister of Thailand from 2001 to 2006 , when he was deposed in a military coup .
Reggio di Calabria -LRB- ; Calabrian dialect : RÃ ggiu , Greek-Calabrian : Righi , Greek : , Rhegion , Latin : Rhegium -RRB- , commonly known as Reggio Calabria or Reggio , is a city and comune located in Calabria , southern Italy , and is the capital of the Province of Reggio Calabria .
Fedora Core 3 shipped with GNOME 2.8 and KDE 3.3 .
BiaÅ ystok has traditionally been one of the leading center of academic , cultural and artistic life in Podlaskie and is the most important economic center in northeastern Poland .
Use of the term ace in military aviation circles began in World War I -LRB- 1914 â `` 18 -RRB- , when French newspapers described Adolphe Pegoud , as l'as -LRB- French for `` the ace '' -RRB- after he became the first pilot to down five German aircraft .
Gifhorn is a Landkreis -LRB- district -RRB- in Germany in the state of Lower Saxony .
The ICC Cricket World Cup Trophy is presented to the winners of the World Cup finals .
Tardigrades -LRB- commonly known as water bears or moss piglets -RRB- form the phylum Tardigrada , part of the superphylum Ecdysozoa .
The country Goryeo was founded in 918 and replaced Silla as the ruling dynasty of Korea .
The templates in this series are designed to be used in a table to make a cell with text in that cell , with an appropriately colored background .
During the 1960s , he led the way in modernizing British police recruitment and in improving the training of senior officers .
His strategic achievements include the conquest of Arabia , Persian Mesopotamia and Roman Syria within several years from 632 to 636 .
The Bucegi is thought to be the Dacian holy mountain Kogainon . Here , the mythical figure Zalmoxis resided in a cave .
Gases can be pure , where each molecule is made of individual atoms , elemental , where each molecule is made of more than one of the same atom bound together , or compounds where molecules are made of many types of atoms together . An example of a pure gas is Neon , an example of an elemental gas is Hydrogen and an example of a compound gas could be Carbon Dioxide .
The city was founded in 1889 in what was then the French colony Haut-Oubangui -LRB- ` Upper Ubangi ' -RRB- . The colony was later renamed Oubangui-Chari and made part of French Equatorial Africa .
O'Dwyer asked for martial law to be imposed upon Amritsar and other areas ; this was allowed by the Viceroy , Lord Chelmsford , after the massacre .
The most successful animal , in terms of biomass , is the Antarctic krill , Euphausia superba , with a biomass of probably over 500 million tons , roughly twice the total biomass of humans . Biomass may also be a measure of the dried organic mass of an ecosystem .
Huxley was the most important biologist after August Weismann to insist on natural selection as the primary agent in evolution .
Rock Band is a music video game developed by Harmonix Music Systems , published by MTV Games , and distributed by EA Distribution .
In addition , it is a future where the only two surviving superpowers , the United States and China , fused to form the central federal government , called the Alliance , resulting in the fusion of the two cultures as well .
Such fluorescence also provides the benefit of acting as a sunscreen , diffusing any damage that otherwise would be inflicted by UV radiation .
Baron Cohen has since posted a video on the `` Official Borat Homesite '' where Borat responds to Ashykbayev in character .
Cattle and cheese were exported mainly to northern Italy .
`` You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' is the first single by the German duo Modern Talking .
His biggest commercial success came with the action adventure film -LRB- co-starring Rachel Weisz -RRB- The Mummy -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and its sequel The Mummy Returns -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , both of which were hugely successful at the box office .
During the Dry season , those rivers become a series of waterholes and sandy beds .
In various surveys and rankings , it has been included among the best campuses in the nation for African Americans .
It was in the name of this love that Dante gave his imprint to the Dolce Stil Novo -LRB- Sweet New Style , a term which Dante himself coined -RRB- and would join other contemporary poets and writers in exploring the themes of Love -LRB- Amore -RRB- , which had never been so emphasized before .
The music for the opening of Act Three of Die WalkÃ 1\/4 re is very famous . It is called the Ride of the Valkyries .
Bromine dioxide is formed when an electrical current is passed through a mixture of bromine and oxygen gases at low temperature and pressure .
He was described by Anders Hald as `` a genius who almost single-handedly created the foundations for modern statistical science , '' and Richard Dawkins described him as `` the greatest of Darwin 's successors '' .
Tritium made this way lasts for a very short time , so this tritium is not used by people . Instead people make lots of tritium in nuclear reactors , so that they can make things from it .
Distributing DVDPs is not a practice reserved solely for larger Hollywood studios .
Critically , a red herring is a deliberate attempt to change the subject or divert the argument .
Officials in Mississippi identified the need for 110 to assist in an evacuation process in case of a possible landfall .
In 1963 the `` smiley face '' , a yellow button with two black dots representing eyes and an upturned thick curve representing a mouth , was created by freelance artist Harvey Ball .
She was most famous for her portrayal of the Shakespearean character , Lady Macbeth , a character she made her own .
Between 1922 and 1929 , one of the administrative units in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was the Å umadijska Oblast .
During his three year tenure , Anton received limited screentime on the show .
One of them is watering herself while the others seem to be resting , which creates effects of reflections and shadow perfectly studied by the artist .
The Workers in the Vineyard also appears in Early Medieval works .
Images of a mermaid symbolized Warsaw on its crest since the middle of the 14th century .
A spin-off called Ka-Pow !
By early on July 31 , ship reports and QuikSCAT observations suggested winds of 35 mph -LRB- 55 km\/h -RRB- , and the center was well-involved enough with the convection for the National Hurricane Center to classify it as Tropical Depression Three while it was located about 270 miles -LRB- 435 km -RRB- north-northwest of Bermuda , or about 445 miles -LRB- 710 km -RRB- south-southeast of Chatham , Massachusetts .
The first , Rahonavis ostromi -LRB- originally classified as avian bird , but found to be a dromaeosaurid in later studies -RRB- may have been capable of powered flight , as indicated by its long forelimbs with evidence of quill knob attachments for long sturdy flight feathers .
It was discovered by John J. Kavelaars et al . on September 23 , 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 4 .
New York Islanders vs. Edmonton Oilers
Portets is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is the closest member of the Ananke group , retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , at inclinations of about 150 Â .
This makes the strings move so that the strings make sounds .
These organizations include Grameen Trust , Grameen Fund , Grameen Communications , Grameen Shakti -LRB- Grameen Energy -RRB- , Grameen Telecom , Grameen Shikkha -LRB- Grameen Education -RRB- , Grameen Motsho -LRB- Grameen Fisheries -RRB- , Grameen Baybosa Bikash -LRB- Grameen Business Development -RRB- , Grameen Phone , Grameen Software Limited , Grameen CyberNet Limited , Grameen Knitwear Limited , and Grameen Uddog -LRB- owner of the brand Grameen Check -RRB- .
Komodo Island has been declared a nature reserve in 1965 , and in 1977 an UNESCO biosphere reserve .
On the television debut of ECW on Sci Fi on June 13 , a brawl broke out between Rob Van Dam and Edge .
He made guest appearances on the TV series Police Story and Kojak .
All of the featured videos on YouTube 's front page hyperlinked to the rickroll .
He finished the year with 104 runs , a .308 batting average , and 24 stolen bases .
Taqilluni naami atunngiveqaaq , kalaallit siumut makigitsi .
She died in London in 6 January 1840 .
This process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination .
Alabaster is a name applied to varieties of two distinct minerals , when used as a material : gypsum -LRB- a hydrous sulfate of calcium -RRB- and calcite -LRB- a carbonate of calcium -RRB- .
Her father 's name was Hugh E. Rodham ; her mother is Dorothy Emma Howell Rodham .
In 1969 the discovery of a cranium of Paranthropus boisei caused great excitement .
Coucy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A hurricane struck the island of Dominica on September 20 , bringing heavy winds and a 12 ft storm surge that devastated the capital of Roseau ; 230 people are believed to have been killed by the hurricane 's onslaught .
Since the growth in popularity of the song and video , there have been numerous parody videos and remixes .
Gilbert is a city of Iowa in the United States .
They 're the fourth main group of PokÃ mon games in the series . In the game , the number of PokÃ mon is brought up to 493 .
`` Before I Forget '' is a Grammy Award winning song by Slipknot and the third single from their 2004 album Vol .
The inaugural conference was developed by Abel Pardo .
Before their arrival , Shane pulled his tribe together in an agreement to vote out the other Tribe in the next four Tribal Councils .
The term accidental can be used as well .
Î 1\/2 Ï ; Modern Greek Î Î Ï Ï Î 1\/2 Î Î -RRB- is a Mycenaean archaeological site in the prefecture of Argolis in the Peloponnese , some kilometres north of Nauplion .
They greatly excel the Lowlanders in all the exercises that require agility ; they are incredibly abstemious , and patient of hunger and fatigue ; so steeled against the weather , that in traveling , even when the ground is covered with snow , they never look for a house , or any other shelter but their plaid , in which they wrap themselves up , and go to sleep under the cope of heaven .
At Euroa he met an old school friend of his , Francis ` Fanny ' Shaw -LRB- sometimes known as Maggie Shaw -RRB- and through her , the police found out the name of the last member of the Kelly Gang .
Some FIPS standards were originally developed by the U.S. government .
Each of the states of Brazil has its own `` Civil Police Department '' , which carries out detective work , forensics and criminal investigation , acting as a state bureau of investigation , while the `` Military Police '' carries out preventive police duties .
Hardy cites Sting , The Ultimate Warrior , and Shawn Michaels as his childhood inspirations to wrestle .
The Compact Cassette release contained a single cassette tape , a gatefold booklet and a card stock outer slipcase .
The house was left empty for some years , until the office of President of Ireland was created in 1937 .
On January 1 , 1971 , the federal holiday was shifted to the third Monday in February by the Uniform Monday Holiday Act .
The two passes were , in ancient times , the two main access points into the Upper Hunza Valley -LRB- also called Gojal Valley -RRB- from the north .
Livorno inhabitants speak a Tuscan dialect of Italian , called vernacolo .
These intimacies consisted of grooming and various forms of body contact .
The Yankees ' pinstripes on their home uniforms soon became a symbol of them and the team .
The archerfish looks for an insect hanging over the water . The archerfish shoots drops of water out of its mouth at the insect .
Recently , Viz has begun re-releasing the series in the form of `` The Best of PokÃ mon Adventures : Red '' and `` The Best of Pokemon Adventures : Yellow '' , respectively , this time for $ 7.95 each , $ 6 less than nearly a decade ago when the publisher first began to publish the manga .
Maizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The National Academies produce independent recommendations and policy reports by enlisting top scientists , engineers , health professionals , and other experts -LRB- not limited to those in Academies membership -RRB- to address the scientific and technical aspects of some of society 's problems .
Each frame , or still picture , is recorded on film or digital media and then played back quickly .
John Paul II said that Opus Dei was started by Escriva but he was led by God .
When a plural exists , it is often Mensae , such as Cydonia Mensae .
Digital Multimedia Broadcasting -LRB- DMB -RRB- is a digital radio transmission technology developed in South Korea as part of the national IT project for sending multimedia such as TV , radio and datacasting to mobile devices such as mobile phones .
The event took place on June 24 , 2007 at the Toyota Center in Houston , Texas .
The Specialized English word list allows greater breadth of meaning in some of the words used in both lists .
Inez is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The standard jewel case CD release contained a single Enhanced CD , a gatefold booklet and a card stock outer slipcase .
In preparation for the Olympics and the Stratford City development , a new north-facing exit and ticket hall is being built .
Port-en-Bessin-Huppain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
One of the first real Ukrainian death masks was that of the poet Taras Shevchenko , taken by Peter Clodt von JÃ 1\/4 rgensburg in St. Petersburg , Russia .
Michele was named to People Magazine 's Best Dressed List of 2010 as `` The Newbie '' and she was voted `` 2010 Most Stylish Star '' by E !
His parents ' marriage was brief and he was mostly raised by his grandparents in Greenwich Village with relatively little contact with his parents .
Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewan Burke -LRB- born August 25 , 1988 -RRB- is an English soul singer , who was born in Islington , London . She is known for winning the fifth series of the X Factor UK in 2008 .
The sources for the beliefs of the apostolic community include the Gospels and New Testament epistles .
The following codes refer to countries or dependent areas that are currently not affiliated with FIFA , but whose codes either appear in the FIFA results database , or are used regularly by confederation websites .
Yukihiro Aoba -LRB- born 26 July 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It was the result of a thwarted attempt by the state legislature to make Dartmouth College , a private college , into a public university .
In battle , the dogs often ran toward the smell of diesel fuel from the Soviet tanks instead of the intended German targets .
The two parties in Government found themselves in a stalemate position .
Charmes is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
replace -LRB- \/ -RRB- \/ gi , ' -LCB- -LCB- Reflist $ 1 ' -RRB- ; str = str .
Tolliver argues that drama both reflects and foreshadows social change .
The students of the High School appeared for the first time openly on May 21 , 1964 .
It has caused some argument as it was claimed it may break the Advanced Encryption Standard -LRB- AES -RRB- cipherâ '' also known as Rijndaelâ '' faster than a brute force attack .
Toyota Motor Corporation is headquartered in Toyota City , Aichi and in Tokyo .
May God forgive me for ever having put on another , '' but this may be apocryphal .
Herlincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Pancho tells Donald of the tradition behind the piÃ ata . Jose and Panchito then blindfold Donald , and have him attempt to break open the piÃ ata , which eventually reveal many surprises .
Europe is relatively rich in fossils from the Jurassic-Cretaceous boundary , and much of what is known about European dinosaurs dates from this time .
Appointed as Maderno 's successor in 1629 , he was to become regarded as the greatest architect and sculptor of the Baroque period .
Saint-D Ã sirat is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
Cundiff played college football at Drake University and was also part of the Drake Beulldog 's Men 's Basketball team .
In either case , the debris would eventually have settled into circular equatorial orbits .
During conjugation the donor cell provides a conjugative or mobilizable genetic element that is most often a plasmid or transposon .
This template is used to display an infobox of Korean name -LRB- s -RRB- .
Montmelon is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
He is famous for his Description of Greece , a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from firsthand observations . He is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
Zeus makes several appearances on the show , even saving his son 's life and restoring his superhuman strength on one occasion when he needs it the most .
Tickets that can be used repeatedly until their expiry date require a minimum amount of stored credit .
He died in Paris in 1908 .
The message underneath reads , `` Smokey says â `` Care will prevent 9 out of 10 forest fires ! ''
Anything done by the town crier was done in the name of the ruling monarch and harming a town crier was considered to be treason .
Their debut album The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth was released in 1990 .
The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol -LRB- DHCP -RRB- is an auto configuration protocol used on IP networks .
The large seeded Virginia Group peanuts are grown in the following US states : Virginia , North Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , New Mexico , Oklahoma , and parts of Georgia .
Physiotherapy clinics are usually operated by physiotherapists and psychology clinics by clinical psychologists , and so on for each health profession .
He missed the 2003 race and returned in 2004 , but his car retired after 282 laps .
Ichigo Kurosaki is a teenager who has always been able to see spirits .
It was built by Bouygues . , it stands on a promontory looking out to the Atlantic , which can be seen through a gigantic glass floor with room for 25,000 worshippers .
The cornet is sometimes erroneously considered to be the `` valved version '' of the bugle , although it was derived from the French cornet de poste -LRB- post horn -RRB- .
Vancouver , British Columbia was the first non-U.S. city included .
It is made by reacting an iodide such as sodium iodide with silver nitrate .
The feet are armed with very strong claws , which are short on the hind legs and remarkably long on the forelimbs .
Cormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The Fourth Council of the Lateran in 1215 had spoken of `` Jesus Christ , whose body and blood are truly contained in the sacrament of the altar under the forms of bread and wine ; the bread being changed -LRB- transsubstantiatis -RRB- by divine power into the body , and the wine into the blood . ''
Scranton is a city in Logan County , Arkansas , United States .
The trip totaled 240 m and took 9 hours and 12 minutes .
Some important people in the movie industry are Dadasaheb Phalke , Dada Kondke , Ashok Saraf , Laxmikant Berde , Sachin Pilgaonkar , Mahesh Kothare and V. Shantaram .
Breese is a city in Clinton County , Illinois , United States .
Bayeux was the first city in France to be liberated after the Battle of Normandy . On 16 June 1944 , General Charles de Gaulle made his first major speech in Bayeux .
In June 2006 , Banco Santander Central Hispano purchased almost 20 % of Sovereign Bank and acquired the option to buy the bank for $ 40 per share for one year beginning in the middle of 2008 .
The Tibetan Partridge -LRB- Perdix hodgsoniae -RRB- is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes .
Five different versions of the album were released , the 2CD version , DVD , the Deluxe Box Set , 5LP Box Set and the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
`` Only Girl -LRB- In the World -RRB- '' is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , taken from her fifth studio album , Loud -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .
In 1433 , the city of Bern bought the castle and used it to govern the region from 1444 to 1798 .
It is situated 15 km south-east of Murree hill .
Bouin-Plumoison is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Austin approached the downed referee to try to revive him .
For example , in Miles Gloriosus , the titular â braggart soldierâ Pyrgopolynices only shows his vain and immodest side in the first act , while the parasite Artotrogus exaggerates Pyrgopolynicesâ achievements , creating more and more ludicrous claims that Pyrgopolynices agrees to without question .
In the federal government of the United States of America , there is one Secretary of State , the most senior political appointee responsible for foreign policy -LRB- that is , equivalent to a Foreign Minister -RRB- .
From 1891 he was Kapellmeister of the Royal Opera and conductor of symphony concerts in Berlin .
A Verbandsgemeinde -LRB- plural Verbandsgemeinden -RRB- is an administrative unit unique to the German Bundesland -LRB- federal state -RRB- of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Gagarin 's planned flight activities needed clear weather and no outboard tanks .
Am I even gonna be allowed to say it ? '
After his deportation from the Soviet Union in February 1929 , Leon Trotsky also stayed for four years on BÃ 1\/4 yÃ 1\/4 kada , his first station in exile .
Simple accounting is found in the Christian Bible -LRB- New Testament -RRB- in the Book of Matthew , in the Parable -LRB- story -RRB- of the Talents .
In London , Walter was chief conductor of the German seasons at Covent Garden from 1924 to 1931 .
Mario Haas -LRB- born 16 September 1974 in Graz , Austria -RRB- is an Austrian football player . He plays for Sturm Graz .
Pennedepie is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
After its transition to post-tropical , Noel became a very strong low pressure system causing flooding and wind damage over Maine and Eastern Canada .
The only one to survive was the two-year old Duke of Anjou , the future King Louis XV of France .
In India , there are also 21 High Courts .
Kraken Mare is believed to be similar in size to the Caspian Sea .
Tour-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The evolutionary relationships within the squamates are not yet completely worked out , with the relationship of snakes to other groups being most problematic .
Museums in the city include the Burundi Museum of Life and the Burundi Geological Museum .
When a display is needed , the lizards erect the hyoid bone of their throat , resulting in a large vertical flap of brightly colored skin beneath the head which can be then used for communication .
In August 2002 , WWE Undisputed Champion Brock Lesnar refused to defend the title on RAW , in effect causing his title to become exclusive to SmackDown !
The Himalayan Goral -LRB- Naemorhedus goral -RRB- , also known as the Gray Goral , is a member of the Caprinae subfamily . It is a small , rough-haired , cylindrical-horned ruminant native to the Himalayas .
Pancreatic cancer is cancer affecting the pancreas . It has a poor prognosis , with less than 5 % of patients surviving beyond five years after the cancer has been diagnosed .
They prefer full sun throughout the day and mesic soils .
The International Association for Continuing Education and Training -LRB- IACET -RRB- lists BIU as an authorized provider of continuing education and training .
Each player starts the game with eight pawns , one on each square of the second row -LRB- or rank -RRB- from the view of the player .
After the real-world election of Republican President George W. Bush in 2000 , many wondered whether the liberal show could retain its relevance and topicality .
The GonÃ cents ve Island -LRB- French , Ã le de la GonÃ cents ve -RRB- is part of this department .
In professional competition , straight pool is usually played to 150 points .
Some southern rock music groups include : Lynyrd Skynyrd , The Allman Brothers Band and Molly Hatchet .
With the simultaneous dissolution of the district of Tecklenburg and fusion with the old district of Burgsteinfurt , IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren was assigned to the new district of Steinfurt .
These territories were to be incorporated into the two Bulgarian autonomous provinces as follows :
Two years after the Summer Olympics , the Winter Olympic Games are held .
Mario Kart DS is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS .
Such material , present in a small percentage of articles , includes hardcore pornography .
Purpose : Given a plain text date , returns the year .
This would allow up to four instructions to be `` in flight '' at one time , making the processor look four times as fast .
Software , such as browser plug-ins , can now extract the information , and transfer it to other applications , such as an address book .
He played central defender with much teams in Brazil , Europe and with the Brazilian national team .
Like the White-tailed Hummingbird , it is sometimes thought to be a subspecies of the more common Stripe-tailed Hummingbird .
The Shadow Cabinet -LRB- also called the Shadow Front Bench -RRB- is a senior group of opposition spokespeople in the Westminster system of government who together under the leadership of the Leader of the Opposition form an alternative cabinet to the government 's , whose members shadow or mark each individual member of the government . Members of a shadow cabinet are often but not always appointed to a Cabinet post if and when their party gets into government .
Cresserons is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
In 1838 , Macon County was formed from the Western side of Haywood County .
At this stage , the Annals now began to lose their primitive character , and became more and more Chronicles . But the term was still used for many documents , such as the Annals of Waverley .
Rocquancourt is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Poitiers is a town on the Clain River in west central France .
Humat Al-Hima -LRB- Defenders of the Homeland -RRB- is the national anthem of Tunisia .
Brazilian butterflies provide some of the most extraordinary examples of mimicry , and MÃ 1\/4 ller , Bates and Wallace all had lengthy experience of this .
The model was facelifted in 1997 and renamed Renault Iliade .
Cockatoo Island also had the Sydney Festival 's `` All Tomorrow 's Parties '' music festival in January 2009 .
This was part of the punishment of mankind , because Prometheus had stolen the secret of fire . All the gods helped by giving her seductive gifts .
The biggest unequivocally C-type asteroid is 10 Hygiea , although the SMASS classification places the biggest asteroid 1 Ceres , here as well , because that scheme lacks a G-type .
Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his home to Rabat .
On January 30 , 2010 , Rybak performed one of his new singles , `` Europe Skies '' , in national final , Euroviisut 2010 , to select the 2010 Finnish entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 . On March 12 , 2010 , Alexander Rybak performed his Eurovision 2009 winning song `` Fairytale '' on UK TV Show Eurovision : Your Country Needs You .
Mayors -LRB- German title : OberbÃ 1\/4 rgermeister -RRB- of East Berlin , capital in the socialist state of German Democratic Republic .
Kakaduâ s varied landscapes and the habitats they contain are features that contributed to its listing as a World Heritage Area .
Most jurisdictions prohibit trade , except under license , of many types of drugs by drug prohibition laws .
ExposÃ is an American vocal group .
Kennedy was assassinated on November 22 , 1963 , in Dallas , Texas .
La Rochette is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The speed and rate of rotation of the fluid are greatest at the center and become smaller with distance from the center .
Alban was taken before the magistrate , where he avowed his new Christian faith and was condemned for it .
Among his fondest early memories were field trips with his father and the whole family to Colorado and Wyoming and more frequent trips to the Blue Ridge mountains in Virginia .
The new dukes replaced the Saxon horse emblem and introduced their Ascanian family colors and emblem added by a bendwise crancelin , symbolising the Saxon ducal crown , as new coat-of-arms of Saxony .
1968 was the first year that the International Olympic Committee let East and West Germany enter separately , and the first time the IOC ever ordered drug and gender testing of the athletes .
There are more than 5000 recorded art sites illustrating Aboriginal culture over thousands of years .
But if any shall be found to be judaizers , let them be anathema -LRB- excommunicated -RRB- from Christ . ''
As the first period of the Mesozoic Era , the Triassic follows the Permian and is followed by the Jurassic .
Hercules kills the monster from inside and they are washed up on the shore .
On November 17 , 2010 , Babchuk was traded along with Tom Kostopoulos to the Calgary Flames for Ian White and Brett Sutter .
Varnish is traditionally a combination of a drying oil , a resin , and a solvent .
One study found a weak correlation between the size of the stretched penis and foot size and height . Another investigation failed to find any evidence for a link between shoe size and stretched penis size .
In Catholicism , the Nicene Creed is used very often ; but there are others , such as the Athanasian Creed or Apostles ' Creed .
Although invented by Horace de Saussure , a Swiss naturalist , as early as 1767 , solar box cookers have only gained popularity since the 1970s .
Artificial intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- is the intelligence of machines and the branch of computer science that aims to create it .
Tarrasch haughtily declined , stating that Lasker should first prove his mettle by attempting to win one or two major international events .
In some of his films , he plays multiple roles in addition to his main character , intended as a tribute to one of his idols Peter Sellers , who played multiple roles in Dr. Strangelove and elsewhere .
Van 23 - now restored and at Woody Bay - was built at Pilton by the L&B .
Human encroachment into or adjacent to natural areas where bush elephants occur has led to recent research into methods of safely driving groups of elephants away from humans , including the discovery that playback of the recorded sounds of angry honey bees are remarkably effective at prompting elephants to flee an area .
Saint-Arnoult is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The 24th century in the Common Era -LRB- or Anno Domini -RRB- , will span the years 2301-2400 .
In 1979 , Sogyal Rinpoche chose the name Rigpa for his work . It means `` the innermost , essential nature of mind '' .
Even after Philip II of Macedon ` conquered ' the heartlands of ancient Greece , he did not attempt to annex the territory , or unify it into a new province , but simply compelled most of the poleis to join his own Corinthian League .
The Karen languages are tonal languages spoken by some three million Karen people .
To prevent message , use one of the other tags , e.g. .
The Manning team also compared the curvature of the dromaeosarid `` sickle claw '' on the foot with curvature in modern birds and mammals .
He is a former joint owner of the NASCAR Sprint Cup racing team , Hall of Fame Racing , along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach , and is a part-owner of the San Diego Padres .
The British Rail Class 936 was reserved for former electrical multiple units not from the South-East , converted for departmental use .
On August 20 , 1902 , President Theodore Roosevelt established the Alexander Archipelago Forest Reserve , which formed the heart of the Tongass National Forest that covers most of the region .
The city of Murray has four radio stations that reach audiences well beyond the city of Murray .
The highest elevation is the 1,065 m high Morro Grande .
Laws of Constantine I around 325 reinforced both the negative semi-servile status of the coloni and limited their rights to sue in the courts .
TrÃ Cool -LRB- born Frank Edwin Wright III on December 9 , 1972 -RRB- is a German-born American drummer for the rock band Green Day .
Maxentius declined to make a general engagement .
Sanga Monastery together with Ganden Monastery belong to the Geluk -LRB- Gelug-pa -RRB- order -LRB- also known as Yellow Hat Sect , lit .
It shows a model of embryological development where fish -LRB- F -RRB- , reptiles -LRB- R -RRB- , and birds -LRB- B -RRB- represent branches from a path leading to mammals -LRB- M -RRB- .
It has a choir at both ends .
The sculpture weighed 165 tonnes , with the concrete in the foundations weighing over 1,000 tonnes , including a 400 m reinforced concrete slab .
The parish church is dedicated to St Peter and St Paul .
Peyrieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Caucasus Emirate -LRB- Chechen Cyrillic : Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Imarat Kavkaz , -RRB- also known as the Caucasian Emirate is a self-proclaimed virtual state entity , partially successor to the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria and was officially announced on October 31 , 2007 by former President of Ichkeria Dokka Umarov , who became the first Emir .
The top of the minaret is always the highest point in mosques that have one , and often the highest point in the immediate area .
The well has zero potential energy inside a range and has infinite potential energy everywhere outside that range .
WCW and Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- merged to make The Alliance and challenged the WWF 's control over the wrestling industry .
Johann von Leers , editor of the Nordische Welt -LRB- Nordic World -RRB- , during the opening ceremony of the Wissenschaftliches Institut zur Erforschung der Tabakgefahren in 1941 , proclaimed that `` Jewish capitalism '' was responsible for the spread of tobacco use across Europe .
Outer rainbands in Pinar del RÃ o Province injured three and damaged 55 houses .
Hurricane Carol was later retired due to the impact in New England . The name `` Carol '' was the first name to be retired from the Atlantic hurricane name lists .
Saint-Sauveur-de-Puynormand is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
He is sometimes referred in Eastern Christianity as `` James Adelphotheos '' , i.e. `` James the Brother of God '' , based on New Testament descriptions . The oldest surviving Christian liturgy , the Liturgy of St James , called him `` the brother of God '' -LRB- Adelphotheos -RRB- .
Salama Moussa 's writings continue to be popular .
Allahabad is a town of Nawabshah District in the southern Sindh province of Pakistan .
To counter this , Ultra-Crusaders almost always merge with a human host or create a human form for themselves in order to survive on Earth , more often than not reviving a recently dead person with their own lifeforce .
All other selected templates are then added to the article normally .
Some blisters , however , are filled with blood ; they are called blood blisters .
It is a part of the West Midlands conurbation , and is a part of the Black Country .
`` The Wild '' is a computer-animated movie directed by Steve Williams , produced by Clint Goldman , assistant produced by John Burton and C.O.R.E. Feature Animation , and released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 14 , 2006 in the United States .
As is the case with other caffeinated beverages , Red Bull drinkers may experience adverse effects as a result of overuse .
He started working in the music industry as a sound engineer at Spaceward Studio in Cambridge when he was 16 .
Cartoons episode Tiffany .
All regulations applicable to Aitutaki , apply to Manuae as well .
The company is organised as Group Lotus , which is divided into Lotus Cars and Lotus Engineering .
Monroe had previously received criticism for wearing a dress with a neckline cut almost to her navel when she acted as Grand Marshall at the Miss America Parade in September 1952 .
It is the county seat of Indian River County .
The post carve-up Saxony is therefore sometimes called the younger Duchy of Saxony .
The nave was re-consecrated on August 8 , 1908 .
The breeching of a young boy , at an age somewhere between six and eight , was a completion in his childhood .
The pamphlets were banned in France , but nonetheless had a strong impact there .
From 1947 until his retirement in 1970 , he was a professor at the University of California at Berkeley , where he had numerous doctoral students .
East St. Louis is a city located in St. Clair County , Illinois , USA , directly across the Mississippi River from St. Louis , Missouri .
The population was 517 at the 2000 census .
The main natural features protected within the National Park include :
They were originally hired from English Electric Leasing , not being purchased outright by BR until around 1973 .
Of all the twelve trials , this was the one that lasted longest and ended last .
The stated intention of ASALA was `` to compel the Turkish Government to acknowledge publicly its alleged responsibility for the deaths of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915 , pay reparations , and cede territory for an Armenian homeland '' .
On September 16 , 1824 , Charles X came to the throne of France .
As of 2008 , its population was 81.544 inhabitants in an area of 145.27 kmÂ .
That trend continued for over 48 hours , and Gordon increased in strength gradually , becoming a Category 2 hurricane .
One of the most notable competitions is the Hang Lung Mathematics Award .
Le PoirÃ - sur-Vie is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
In parts of northern Germany , this is also the name of the district administration , in southern Germany it is known as .
Methods of determining chronology are used in most disciplines of science , especially astronomy , geology , history , paleontology and archaeology .
The term masochism is derived from his name .
Cerisy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
One of New Comedy 's most important contributions was its influence on Roman comedy , an influence that can be seen in the surviving works of Plautus and Terence .
After the body gains immunity towards a certain pathogen , when infection by that pathogen occurs again , the immune response is called the secondary response .
Its preferred habitats are alpine meadow and humid forests in the mountains .
It is situated in the Podlaskie Plain on the banks of the BiaÅ a River in the Podlaskie region , known collectively as the Green Lungs of Poland .
Aadorf is a municipality in the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The book became a New York Times bestseller .
The ICC Cricket World Cup is the premier international championship of men 's One Day International -LRB- ODI -RRB- cricket .
The UstaÅ e held the position that Eastern Orthodoxy , as a symbol of Serbian nationalism , was their greatest foe .
Lovage leaves can be used in salads or to make soup , and the roots can be eaten as vegetable or grated for use in salads .
Marco AurÃ lio Fernandes da Silva -LRB- born 23 September 1977 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
RubÃ n IvÃ n MartÃ nez Andrade , simply RubÃ n -LRB- born 22 June 1984 -RRB- , is a Spanish footballer who plays for MÃ laga CF in La Liga , as a goalkeeper .
The match that followed was the first Money in the Bank ladder match which featured Chris Jericho , Chris Benoit , Shelton Benjamin , Edge , Kane , and Christian with Tyson Tomko at ringside .
Since 2001 , the Museum has embarked on a major Â # 150m renovation program which has seen a major overhaul of the departments including the introduction of newer galleries , gardens , shops and visitor facilities .
Because of this , new states could not immediately become part of the international community or be bound by international law , and recognized nations did not have to respect international law in their dealings with them .
Pro-Mont Blanc -LRB- an international collective of associations for the protection of Mont Blanc -RRB- published in 2002 the book Le versant noir du mont Blanc -LRB- The black hillside of Mont Blanc -RRB- , which exposes current and future problems in conserving the site .
Ernesto never approached land and caused no reported damage .
He was invited again in 1984 , but this time chose not to play .
Tritium is an isotope of hydrogen , the lightest element .
A pub in Monkwearmouth was named the Jack Crawford and sported a carved figure of him on the side of the building .
Stefanie was also the number one spot in the Taiwanese Music Charts for 4 weeks .
Saint-Quentin-de-Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Sikkim 's hot springs are known for medicinal and therapeutic values .
Construction commenced in December 2005 and was largely complete by August 2006 .
The Western Region of British Railways -LRB- in view of post-World War II sensibilities -RRB- negotiated a licence with German manufacturers to scale down the German Federal Railway 's `` V200 '' design to suit the smaller loading gauge of the British network , and to allow British manufacturers to construct the new design .
It was also claimed to be useful as a digestive aid , for lowering high blood pressure , and , infused with vinegar , for curing hiccups .
In both cases , he found that the yellow and blue edges remain closest to the side which is light , and red and violet edges remain closest to the side which is dark .
As of the 2000 census , the population was 45,087 .
; abercrombie : Prep-school by Abercrombie & Fitch Themed as `` classic cool '' for kids 7 through 14 , this is the children 's version of Abercrombie & Fitch .
Inside a single template , the nesting limit is 40 nested expressions , such as 40 multiple `` if-then-else-if ... '' .
The Pitman transmits the motion it receives from the steering box into the drag link So it makes it move left or right to turn the wheels in the appropriate direction .
Foregoing the usual tribal council , Tom voted Ian out of the game on the spot .
Sometimes , they migrate in very large groups in long files of lobsters across the sea floor .
The Circle line , colored yellow on the tube map , is the eighth busiest line on the London Underground .
It estimates that `` in 2001 , 1.1 billion people had consumption levels below $ 1 a day and 2.7 billion lived on less than $ 2 a day . ''
authormask â `` This parameter is primarily intended for use in bibliographies where multiple works by a single author are listed .
The most used paths to reach Moldoveanu are over the Vistea Mare Peak -LRB- 2527m -RRB- , by paths coming from Podragu , Sambata , or by the Vistea Valley .
Election to the NAE is considered the highest achievement in engineering-related fields and often comes as a recognition of a lifetime 's worth of accomplishments .
The Richest Duck in the World or The Recluse of McDuck Manor is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa . It is the twelfth of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross praised China 's rescue effort as `` swift and very efficient '' in Beijing on Tuesday .
DB Schenker is the freight logistics subsidiary of DB and one of the leading globally integrated logistics service providers .
JosÃ PlÃ cido Domingo Embil KBE -LRB- born 21 January 1941 , Madrid -RRB- , better known as PlÃ cido Domingo , is a Spanish tenor and conductor known for his versatile and strong voice , possessing a ringing and dramatic tone throughout its range .
Momence is a city of Illinois in the United States .
The Japanese language is usually encoded using double-byte character codes .
Tropical Storm Jose quickly weakened after landfall and dissipated that afternoon in the mountains of central Mexico only 24 hours after forming .
Guivry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
There are taxi stands at Forum The Shopping Mall , all hotels , Lucky Plaza , Wisma Atria , Ngee Ann City , The Paragon , The Heeren Shops , Centrepoint Shopping Centre , next to Specialists ' Shopping Centre and Plaza Singapura .
It also features the daily religious slot Thought for the Day , again similar to that broadcast on Radio 4 's Today program .
The attribute of the tag must be set to the same name what we would give to the -LRB- lacking -RRB- field of the citation template .
Mary Magdalene and Joanna are among the women who went to prepare Jesus ' body in Luke 's account of the resurrection , and who later told the apostles and other disciples about the empty tomb and words of the `` two men in dazzling clothes '' .
The garden was started in 1544 under Cosimo I de ' Medici as the first university botanical garden in Europe , and it was put under the care of the famous botanist Luca Ghini of Imola .
The limbs are the flanks of the fold and the hinge is where the flanks join together .
Eucalyptus regnans , also called Mountain Ash , Victorian Ash , Swamp Gum , Tasmanian Oak or Stringy Gum , is a species of Eucalyptus from Victoria and Tasmania .
Myelin , from which the white matter of the brain takes its color , is a complex substance made up of at least ten different chemicals .
The tie is blue in color with yellow diagonal stripes .
The districts typically have populations of 174,000 to 1.1 million .
During Ramadan , they are sometimes eaten as part of an iftar , the meal which breaks the daily fast after sunset .
Settings available to individual users become the default for all users if added here , but the user 's own settings take precedence .
Ulpius Marcellus was replaced as governor of Britain by Pertinax ; brought to Rome and tried for treason , Marcellus narrowly escaped death .
If the water level is high , however , they can be carried far away from where they fell .
The Wilhelm scream is a movie and television sound effect first used in 1951 for the movie Distant Drums .
The team won the match against Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero , starting their first WWE Tag Team Title reign .
Vale Park has been Port Vale 's home ground since 1950 .
This locomotive was built by Metropolitan-Vickers , initially as a prototype Gas turbine-electric locomotive , numbered 18100 .
During the season finale , a guru attempts to teach Aang how to open up his seven chakras in order to control the Avatar State .
Water vapor or water vapor -LRB- see spelling differences -RRB- , also aqueous vapor , is the gas phase of water . Water vapor is one state of water within the hydrosphere .
A few species reach weights approaching 1 k. Within any species , the males are larger than the females and can be nearly double their weight .
2081 is a science fiction short film . It was shown for the first time at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 29 , 2009 .
Dromaeosaurids also appear in many of The Land Before Time films , beginning with the third .
Melbourne Airport is the major domestic and international gateway for the state .
The first world championship was in Amsterdam in 2003 and was won by Iepe Rubingh , the starter of the sport .
Normally , a plain box table -LRB- with no `` class = '' -RRB- can be sized to any width up to `` 100 % '' without triggering a bottom scrollbar .
The original Yankee Stadium is a baseball stadium in New York City , New York in the United States .
They will now attract each other .
LiÃ ge -LRB- city -RRB- 45 .
Manson 's also remembered to write some great pop-goth tunes this time out , nowhere more so than with first single ` Disposable Teens ' . ''
By ca 1858 , the circle had been simplified to brackets , '' -LRB- 4 -RRB- '' and '' -LRB- 4 -RRB- Vesta '' , which was easier to typeset .
New Zealand English is the English spoken in New Zealand .
Singaporean English is based on British English , and forms of English spoken in Singapore range from Standard English to a pidgin known as Singlish . Singlish is heavily discouraged by the government .
Crawford is a town in Texas , in the United States .
In the 1970s , the original stadium was closed down .
His Covent Garden debut followed in 1997 where he sang the role of Count Potoski in the world premiere of Donizetti 's Elisabetta .
Stockport County F.C. is an English football club .
For three days Juno sat fuming , still trapped in Vulcan 's chair , she could n't sleep , she could n't stretch , she could n't eat .
The song received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year in 1997 .
They achieve this by a telephoto-like series of lenses , a four-layer retina and the ability to swivel their eyes and integrate images from different stages in the scan .
In 1948 a further addition to the south side of the Library was built , again with funds from the Teachout Foundation .
He spent several months trying to find names that were both multi-cultural and Canadian , consulting Amerindian scholars without finding a name that seemed appropriate .
Otto Fritz Meyerhof -LRB- April 12 , 1884 - October 6 , 1951 -RRB- was a German doctor .
This is backed by an electric guitar copying the acoustic guitar . It then forwards to the lead guitar line .
The Papua New Guinea national football team is the national team of Papua New Guinea and is controlled by the Papua New Guinea Football Association .
An album of remixes of all tracks on Intimacy , entitled Intimacy Remixed , was released on 11 May 2009 .
Ã pinoy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
He conducted Don Giovanni at La Scala , Milan , in November 2006 .
She thinks she 's a sunflower . She climbs on top of the piano and reaches towards the sun .
Minehead is a coastal town and civil parish in Somerset , England .
Code-named the `` Atari 5100 '' -LRB- a.k.a. `` Atari 5200 Jr. '' -RRB- , only a few fully-working prototype Atari 5100s were made before the project was canceled .
Its capital is the city of Caserta .
COBOL is a programming language that was developed in 1959 .
Luca Toni , -LRB- born 26 May 1977 in Pavullo nel Frignano , Modena -RRB- is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who is currently playing for Serie A club Juventus .
The following are some of the barnstars and awards currently in use .
Authorised in 1854 , along with a line from to , the line opened on 1 June 1859 .
Bertincourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
In 1918 , General Electric engineer Sanford Moss attached a turbocharger to a Liberty aircraft engine .
Albany has many paths and trails open to both pedestrian and bicyclists .
The M1 motorway completed in 1959 , Coventry Cathedral completed in 1962 , Clifton Cathedral completed in 1973 , the Sizewell B nuclear power station completed in 1995 , the Second Severn Crossing completed in 1996 , the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff completed in 1999 and Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital completed in 2001 .
The University of Michigan was established in Detroit in 1817 as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , by the governor and judges of Michigan Territory .
Sir Gilbert Thomas Carter KCMG -LRB- 14 January 1848 â `` 18 January 1927 -RRB- was an administrative officer in the Royal Navy and later a colonial official who served as a Collector of Customs for the Gold Coast and a Treasurer of the Gold Coast and The Gambia .
Although today Ivanovici is chiefly remembered for his waltz Waves of the Danube , Donauwellen in German , in his lifetime he composed over 350 dances , and his works were published by over sixty publishing houses throughout the world .
This is the complete schedule of events on the 2010 calendar , with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage .
Only parts of the city wall have been preserved and are now under monument protection .
Have you thought of having treatment ?
The flood passed through the Lockyer Valley town of Withcott , where the force of the water pushed cars into shops and forcing the evacuation of hundreds of people .
To use this template , first do a worldcat identities search .
In November 2009 , she joined Nicole The Entertainer 's Introduction to Veterinary Science .
Pignicourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
She set up a center for young war victims , called `` The Hampstead War Nursery '' .
The town was also given 18.03 square kilometres of forest that was to be made into land to grow crops on .
In some cases , a page must be modified to display faster -LRB- when using too many templates -RRB- .
Even the Sultan and his family were permitted entrance only once a year , on the 15th day of Ramadan , during the time when the palace was a residence .
Nancy Pelosi -LRB- born March 26 , 1940 -RRB- is an American career politician .
The population was 909 at the 2000 census .
Sal Cinquemani of Slant magazine wrote , Perry 's `` lead single ' I Kissed a Girl ' features a throbbing beat and an infectious , bi-curious hook , but its self-satisfied , in-your-face posturing rings phony in comparison to the expertly constructed ambiguities of ` Justify My Love ' or practically anything in the first decade of Ani DiFranco 's catalog ; it 's like a tween version of DiFranco 's tortured bisexual confession ` Light of Some Kind ' '' .
A major book-feeding insect is the booklouse -LRB- or book louse -RRB- .
In the 14th and 15th century the people of Nidwalden joined the people of Obwalden to discuss important matters , but the two cantons were never really one .
Ï Î Ï \/ proselytos , is used in the Septuagint for `` stranger '' , i.e. a newcomer to Israel ; a sojourner in the land , and in the New Testament -LRB- Strong 's G4339 -RRB- for a convert to Judaism from Paganism .
There are eleven colleges and universities among Omaha 's higher education institutions , including the University of Nebraska at Omaha .
She has four older brothers , two younger brothers , and a sister .
It has an area of 3,664 kmÂ and is is split into three districts containing 38 municipalities .
Simon Fraser University , commonly referred to as SFU , is a Canadian public research university in British Columbia with its main campus on Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby , and satellite campuses in Vancouver and Surrey .
Nevertheless , he did not enjoy his time at Bowdoin , especially correcting exams and papers .
Daisuke Miyakawa is a Japanese football player .
She quietly accepted his extramarital affairs the longest one being with the famed beauty Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes by whom he had two children .
Craig County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
\* # Disallows eleven or more of the same character repeated in usernames . .
In June 2005 , he matriculated in Harvard Law School 's Master of Laws graduate program .
Colomieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Decoritidae is one of five families of the Gastriocerataceae superfamily .
Yoshinori Ishigami -LRB- born 4 November 1957 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Thailand is divided into 76 provinces -LRB- à à à à `` à à à '' , changwat -RRB- , which are gathered into 5 groups of provinces by location .
Shortly after the band signed with Geffen , Mohney left and was replaced by guitarist Chris Chasse .
A zygote is synthesized from the union of two gametes , and constitutes the first stage in a organism 's development .
Charles Messier -LRB- 26 June 1730 -- 12 April 1817 -RRB- was a French astronomer most notable for publishing an astronomical catalogue consisting of deep sky objects such as nebulae and star clusters that came to be known as the 110 `` Messier objects '' .
Augustus H. Tulk , the first librarian , was appointed three months after the opening .
The English ell is essentially a kind of great cubit of 15 palms , 114 cm , or 45 inches -LRB- 3.75 ft -RRB- .
Repnin also demanded religious freedom for the Protestant and Orthodox Christians , and the resulting reaction among some of Poland 's Roman Catholics , as well as the deep resentment of Russian intervention in the Commonwealth 's domestic affairs , led to the War of the Confederation of Bar from 1768 â `` 1772 , where the Poles tried to expel Russian forces from Commonwealth territory . The irregular and poorly commanded Polish forces had little chance in the face of the regular Russian army and suffered a major defeat .
In that time , it sold 302,000 copies ; the BBC called it `` one of the fastest-selling records in UK history '' .
Pargny-Filain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
When Marie Taglioni first danced La Sylphide en pointe , her shoes were nothing more than modified satin slippers ; the soles were made of leather and the sides and toes were darned to help the shoes hold their shapes .
Neighboring districts are -LRB- from the north clockwise -RRB- Neu-Ulm , GÃ 1\/4 nzburg , Augsburg , OstallgÃ u , OberallgÃ u , and the districts Ravensburg und Biberach in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg . The district-free city Memmingen in the west of the district is nearly surrounded by the district .
They can be made of wood , gold , silver , ivory , bamboo , or plastic .
Yulia 's albums `` Into the West '' and `` Montage '' had three top 40 radio hits in New Zealand , `` Into the West '' , `` Angel '' & `` We 're All Alone '' .
Burnham 's injuries were so serious that he was ordered to England by Lord Roberts . Two days before leaving for London , he was promoted to the rank of major .
These accusations were rebutted universallyâ '' most prominently by Andrew Tanenbaum himself , who strongly criticised Kenneth Brown and published a long rebuttal on his own personal website .
The sea separates the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan Peninsula .
If set to true , the particular name for the id in this hash will only be used on Wikipedia 's main page .
In Newtype 's poll for top 10 male anime characters , Setsuna F Seiei was voted second , Tieria Erde third , Lockon Stratos fifth , Graham Aker sixth and Allelujah Haptism at seventh ; and in its poll for top ten female anime characters , Nena Trinity was voted eighth and Marina Ismail was voted tenth .
His inventions of electromagnetic rotary devices formed the foundation of electric motor technology , and it was largely due to his efforts that electricity became viable for use in technology .
, Ben 10 , Star Wars : The Clone Wars , Halo , Gears of War , and Avatar : The Last Airbender .
In 2002 , he was succeeded in democratic elections by Amadou Toumani TourÃ , a retired general , who had been the leader of the military aspect of the 1991 democratic uprising .
Brown is the color that is made when gray or black is mixed with orange , red , or rose -LRB- Brown is not a color of light , and mixing all the colors of light together gives white -RRB- .
Other industries had developed by that time to replace it , including the production of mathematical instruments , shoes and cement .
This is done to remove ectoparasites , keep them in good aerodynamic condition , and waterproof them .
It is located at .
On 17 March 1979 , Walter Legge suffered a severe heart attack .
Minoru Takenaka -LRB- born 19 November 1976 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
I do n't want to seem unfriendly or make you feel unwelcome , but I noticed -RCB- your user page -RCB- -RCB- , and I am concerned that it might not meet Wikipedia 's user page guideline .
Each of the two onyx stones on the shoulder pieces of the high priestâ s ephod was engraved with the names of six different tribes of Israel , and each of the 12 precious stones that adorned his breastpiece was engraved with the name of one of the tribes .
Other upsets saw the seeded players of Li and KvitovÃ defeat higher seeded players .
The city is adjacent to San Francisco International Airport and Golden Gate National Cemetery .
It provides an access route to the Zanskar Valley , but only in winter when the river is frozen .
Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He also got permission from Lewis Paul for 250 spindles for his patent roller-spinning machine , an early model of the water frame .
As a result of the Partitions , Poles were forced to seek a change of status quo in Europe .
The capital is Port Moresby .
The International Alliance of Research Universities -LRB- IARU -RRB- was launched on 14 January 2006 as a co-operative network of 10 leading , international research-intensive universities .
This improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered .
While traveling Hercules is attacked by a giant named Antaeus and with the help of Deianeira manages to kill him .
The ThÃ lmann pioneers were taught the slogan `` Ernst ThÃ lmann is my role model .
A copy that is not `` Transparent '' is called `` Opaque '' .
As a rule of thumb , the more people engaged in checking facts , analyzing legal issues , and scrutinizing the writing , the more reliable the publication .
On 24 February 2010 , Yar ` Adua came back to Nigeria , but Jonathan kept the President 's power .
Parliament can make laws as to the appropriations of money -LRB- Section 53 -RRB- .
Bissone is a municipality in the district of Lugano , in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Before she is crowned , Zuko and Katara arrive .
and though `` MotÃ rhead was n't punk rock ... they were the first metal band to harness that energy and , in the process , they created speed metal and thrash metal . ''
When he tried to escape the ring though , Austin shoved him forcing the champion to fall upon the announce table .
They could get books , and Ellis made good use of his time to study .
The pairing of Fey and Fallon ended in May 2004 when Fallon last appeared as a cast member .
The Sassanids were further weakened by economic decline , heavy taxation , religious unrest , rigid social stratification , the increasing power of the provincial landholders , and a rapid turnover of rulers .
Under a year later The Blackout released their debut album , We Are the Dynamite !
Nashua is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Paul Larudee , a 64-year-old former linguistics professor from El Cerrito , California onboard the Sfendoni , was beaten and tased according to his family who said that Israeli consular officials informed them that Larudee , a pacifist , was beaten after refusing to follow the orders of troops .
The International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- announced on 27 March that workers hospitalized as a precaution on 25 March had been exposed to between 2 and 6 Sv of radiation at their ankles when standing in water in unit 3 .
Nobuo Kawakami -LRB- born 4 October 1947 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
African-American or Black households had the lowest median household income of all races with $ 30,134 .
This sea eagle gets both its common and scientific names from its head .
The Thai and Burmese populations are morphologically identical , but their echolocation calls are distinct .
The Festival Hall dates to the 19th century and is now used solely for the Bayreuth Festival . Only works by Richard Wagner are put on .
SFU 's main campus is located in Burnaby , atop Burnaby Mountain . Two satellite campuses are located in Vancouver 's Downtown at Harbour Centre , and in Surrey .
Anatole France , born FranÃ ois-Anatole Thibault -LRB- 16 April 1844 , Paris - 12 October 1924 , Saint-Cyr-sur-Loire -RRB- , was a French poet , critic , and novelist .
He later married movie producer Martha Schumacher with whom he had two daughters .
He does not seem to have been involved in any fighting and had little or no influence with the military republican leadership - headed by IRA Chief of Staff , Liam Lynch .
Currently , between his own label and Dior , Galliano produces six couture and ready-to-wear collections a year and a new mid-season range under his own name `` G Galliano '' .
Lynch is also a television actress .
Cleander fled to Commodus , who was at Laurentum in the house of the Quinctilii , for protection , but the mob followed him calling for his head .
The school was founded in 1943 in the precincts of Westminster School in Little Deanâ s Yard , just behind Westminster Abbey .
The year 193 opened with the murder of Commodus on New Year 's Eve , 31 December 192 and the proclamation of the City Prefect Pertinax as Emperor on New Year 's Day , 1 January 193 .
Downstream of the dam , Tujunga Wash flows roughly south and is met halfway to its confluence with the Los Angeles River by Pacoima Wash , which drains the other side of the mountains that Little Tujunga Wash drains .
Difficulty swallowing , and loss of tongue movement follow .
Vice Admiral Russ Shalders is the current Chief of Navy , since 2005 .
London Buses routes 9 , 14 , 19 , 22 , 38 and C2 serve the station .
Figaro and Marcellina see Barbarina , and Figaro asks her what she is doing .
nUbuntu or Network Ubuntu is a project to take the existing Ubuntu operating system and remaster it as a Live CD and Full Install with tools needed for penetration testing servers and networks .
On October 30 , 2010 he was proclaimed blessed in a ceremony held in St. Mary 's Basilica , Oradea , Romania , being recognized as a martyr of the Communist period .
-LRB- His daughter was in Vienna at the time , and was arrested by the Nazis ; Walter was able to use his influence to free her .
It is threatened by habitat .
Amber is the color halfway between yellow and orange on the color wheel .
In vascular plants , phloem is the living tissue that carries organic nutrients -LRB- known as photosynthate -RRB- , in particular , glucose , a sugar , to all parts of the plant where needed .
After the war , it was reused as a state prison , with Louis XIII the first king to send prisoners there .
From early 1980s until the early 1990s , American Express offered merchants and restaurants a discount if they accepted only American Express and no other credit or charge cards .
He received a good education , and was a headstrong and talented student .
Though originally only appearing in platform games , starting with Donkey Kong , Mario currently appears in varied video game genres such as racing , puzzle , role-playing , fighting , and sports .
He gives Lulu a revolver , and tells her to kill herself , but she shoots SchÃ n instead . The police arrive to arrest Lulu for the murder .
Leaves : The leaves are simple , glossy green leaves that alternate on the twig .
Virtually all cacti are succulents , but not all succulents are cacti .
Note that the illustrative red link created at the beginning of this article is an example of this type of normally unwanted link .
The Marseilles plague , 1720 , furnished perhaps the first occasion for a solemn consecration and public worship outside of religious communities .
Eiterfeld is a village in Germany in the east of Hesse .
It is for PlayStation 2 , Xbox , Xbox 360 , Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance consoles .
A weather radar is a type of radar used to show where precipitation is . Weather radar can tell the movement of precipitation , what type it is -LRB- rain , snow , hail , etc. -RRB- , and forecast its future .
He was further greatly influenced by Peter Ewart 's 1813 paper On the measure of moving force .
In Hindu scriptures , the lord of death is called Yama , or Yamaraj -LRB- literally `` the lord of death '' -RRB- .
It was then moved to Mayo in 1893 , and Mayo is currently Lafayette 's only incorporated town . New Troy is now a ghost town .
Nissel was evacuated from Vienna in 1938 to Great Britain .
Champ-sur-Barse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Kutznetsova had another three match points in the next game before a run of four games in a row where the serve was broken .
A Lance-Sergeant in the Guards and Honourable Artillery Company wears three chevrons , belongs to the Sergeants ' Mess , and is considered senior to `` normal '' Corporals ; however , for practical purposes he remains a Corporal rather than an acting Sergeant -LRB- e.g. , he will typically command a section -RRB- .
His portrait is depicted on the obverse of the Croatian 1000 Croatian kuna banknote , issued in 1993 .
Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Aisne dÃ partment in Picardy in northern France .
Lisa protests by no longer watching television .
The New York Philharmonic -LRB- officially the Philharmonic-Symphony Society of New York -RRB- is a symphony orchestra based in New York City in the United States . It is one of the American orchestras commonly referred to as the `` Big Five '' .
Toshio Matsuura -LRB- born 20 November 1955 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In the United States , these companies were located in rural Pennsylvania , New England or the Midwest where labor was cheap , and paper produced nearby , but still within a few hours ' travel time of the major publishing centers .
It was made in a similar style to Date Movie , Friedberg and Seltzer 's previous film .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- chloride is one of the most common cobalt compounds .
Boston Terriers are a breed of dog .
This era lasted from December 1306 through October 1308 .
-LRB- By that time in the real world , Arafat was dead and a successor , Rawhi Fattuh , had been elected . -RRB-
In October 2000 , the U.S. District Judge Claude M. Hilton ruled that the `` moment of silence '' law was constitutional .
Lee was only briefly a tropical storm before it weakened back to a tropical depression .
Though located in a rural setting just 10 miles east of Guthrie , Langston also serves an urban mission with University Centers in both Tulsa and Oklahoma City .
Alexandru LÄ puÅ neanu changed the capital of Moldavia from Suceava to IaÅ i in 1564 . One of the first churches to be built in Moldavia was built by the Greek adventurer Prince Ioan Iacob Heraclid .
Antiope orbits in the farther third of the core region of the main belt , and is a member of the Themis family of asteroids .
Salonen later took the orchestra on many other tours of the United States , Europe , and Asia , and residencies at the Lucerne Festival in Switzerland , The Proms in London , in Cologne for a festival of Salonen 's own works , and perhaps most notably , in 1996 at the ThÃ Ã cents tre du ChÃ cents telet in Paris for a Stravinsky festival conducted by Salonen and Pierre Boulez ; it was during this Paris residency that key Philharmonic board members heard the orchestra perform in improved acoustics and were re-invigorated to lead fundraising efforts to complete construction of Walt Disney Concert Hall .
Dosnon is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Much of the Glen is taken up with a series of lochs , with rivers connecting them .
VultureÅ ti is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
They are often antagonized by `` The Red Guy '' , who poses as various characters to scam or hurt them .
Samobor has been there since 1242 , according to a document of endowment by King Bela IV .
Originally the series was reserved for Mobile Instruction units .
He was born and died in Bologna .
It was a very important part of the Radical Reformation and is still a very important document to many Anabaptist groups today , such as the Amish .
It is famous as the nearest station to Stamford Bridge stadium . The stadium is the home of Chelsea Football Club .
He raced the # 75 Ford Thunderbird sponsored by Factory Stores .
Some advanced game port joysticks supports more than 4 buttons -LRB- e.g. 6 or 8 -RRB- but typically require a special device driver for the additional buttons to work properly , since the game port does not have actual hardware support for more than 4 distinct buttons .
Carver studied at local schools in Yakima , Washington .
Since compression generates heat , the compressed gas is to be cooled between stages making the compression less adiabatic and more isothermal .
It holds all of the date calculating code for , while chooses the award .
People from Kilkenny are often referred to as Cats .
They currently play in the IPL .
Pirelli is the official tyre supplier of the World Rally Championship . They replaced BF Goodrich for the 2008 season .
The technical parts comprise style sheet declarations in MediaWiki : Common .
McShane won the World Under-10 Championship in Duisburg at the age of eight .
They all sold out at the Berlin Zoo in only four days .
Released on January , 1983 through A&M Records , the album became a big hit in Canada when it was released . Outside Canada and the United States the album did n't do so good .
Luke Moore -LRB- born 13 February 1986 -RRB- is an English football player .
The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling .
It is named after Charles-Augustin de Coulomb .
The Audi Q5 -LRB- Internally Designated Typ 8R -RRB- is a compact crossover SUV which was released by German automaker Audi for the 2009 model year .
Based on Serge Brussolo 's bestselling French novel `` Les Emmures , '' about a demolition company rep Sam -LRB- Mischa Barton -RRB- who supervises the razing of a mysterious building and discovers horrifying secrets and past inhabitants entombed within its walls by a vicious murderer .
From medieval times , beagle was used as a general description for small hounds , even though they are actually very different from the modern breed .
On 22 December 2008 , an organization of scholars , writers , lawyers , and human rights workers wrote an open letter to ask the government to let Liu out of prison . On 21 January 2009 , 300 international writers , including Salman Rushdie , Margaret Atwood , Ha Jin and Jung Chang , called for Liu 's release in a statement put out through PEN .
Malta has two official languages , Maltese and English .
Dinitrogen tetroxide -LRB- nitrogen tetroxide or nitrogen peroxide -RRB- is the chemical compound N2O4 .
It was a tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that flourished between 70 and 65 million years ago , at the end of the Cretaceous period .
SliTaz GNU\/Linux is a software project started by Christophe Lincoln in 2006 .
In early 1537 , Jane became pregnant and developed a craving for quail .
It takes leaf miner grubs and green tortrix moths -LRB- Tortricidae -RRB- .
The other chromosome is the Y chromosome .
Most time zone abbreviations as well as a large number of place names are recognized .
The parliament is elected directly every five years , except in Bavaria where it is elected every six years .
Bodine drove in his first Winston Cup Series race at Watkins Glen International Raceway on August 9 , 1992 .
Rats such as the Bandicoot rat -LRB- Bandicota bengalensis -RRB- are murine rodents related to true rats , but are not members of the genus Rattus .
-LRB- Wilde : `` I wish I 'd said that . ''
The flowers can be either hermaphrodite or of separate sexes .
The continuation of this arrangement after the Red Bull takeover caused friction with other teams , in particular Super Aguri and Midland who felt that the engine conferred too much of an advantage .
The American League Central Division is one of six divisions in Major League Baseball .
The Isle of Youth is , therefore , administered directly by the central government of Cuba .
Wahlenbergia species have dispersed widely , even to oceanic islands , and there are four species known from the island of St Helena , including the now extinct species W. roxburghii .
The work probably resulted from his liaison with Mary Parker .
A polynomial is a sum of terms . For example , the following is a polynomial :
Branko Hucika -LRB- born 10 July 1977 -RRB- is a former Croatian football player .
It swallows Hercules and Deianeira .
It is suggested by this man that Scully ultimately initiated a sexual relationship with Mulder , as he remarked that he was very surprised when she invited Mulder `` into her bed '' . The last scene of the series finale featured Mulder and Scully holding each other on a bed , facing an uncertain future together .
Constant touring resulted in noteworthy success for an act without significant major funding .
The population was 20,975 at the 2000 census .
His father began as an enlisted man in the Army , and became an officer who spent most of his 30-year career in the Medical Service Corps .
Taupe refers to a dark grayish-brown color .
Zittau -LRB- Czech Å 1\/2 itava , Polish Å '' ytawa -RRB- is a city in the southeast of the Free State of Saxony , Germany . It is close to the border triangle between Germany , Poland and the Czech Republic .
Brandenburg an der Havel is a town in the state of Brandenburg , Germany .
Middle Park -LRB- stadium -RRB- , the home of South Melbourne FC was demolished in 1994 due to expansion at Albert Park .
This song is a remake of the Perez Prado instrumental from 1952 .
D2370 and D2371 were used as departmental locomotives and originally numbered 91 and 92 respectively .
The west front was ready by 1265 .
A&M Records of Canada Ltd. was also formed in 1970 , and A&M Records of Europe in 1977 .
Thought to be born with genital dysphoria and afraid that they might curse one their fate , people listen to their needs , give them alms and invite their presence at various events and functions , e.g. , birth of a child , his circumcision or weddings .
Most settlers in the American Mid-Atlantic and New England were Calvinists , including the Puritans and Dutch settlers of New Amsterdam -LRB- New York -RRB- .
After that point , Hugo never lost his antipathy towards the Catholic Church , due largely to what he saw as the Church 's indifference to the plight of the working class under the oppression of the monarchy ; and perhaps also due to the frequency with which Hugo 's work appeared on the Church 's Index Librorum Prohibitorum -LRB- Hugo counted 740 attacks on Les MisÃ rables in the Catholic press -RRB- .
When his friends cut the cord that tied his lawn chair to his Jeep , Walters ' lawn chair rose rapidly to a height of about 15000 f. At first , he did not dare shoot any balloons , fearing that he might unbalance the load and cause himself to spill out .
According to the latest census , it has a population of 360,281 inhabitants in 58,466 households , making it the most populated town in Laguna province , with San Pedro , Santa Rosa City , BiÃ an City , and San Pablo City following it as the top 5 municipalities and cities with the highest population in the province .
The partition treaty was ratified by its signatories on September 22 , 1772 .
The Baccarat crystalworks are famous for their glass and crystal artwork , and the MusÃ e du Cristal , owned by the company , is Lorraine 's biggest private museum .
Saint-Cl Ã ment is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In recent years , however , this series appears to have been discontinued .
The upper parts of the Macquarie River were first seen by Europeans in 1813 .
It is in Zone 2 and has two platforms .
If a wiki has a passing need for an edit to be oversighted , for instance , a steward can add themselves to the ` oversight ' user group on that wiki , perform the necessary oversight activity using Special : HideRevision , and then remove themselves from the ` oversight ' group using their steward rights .
Author Harper Lee was born and raised in Monroeville .
There are other systems in an ethylene plant .
Besides football , the VfL Bochum operates the following kinds of sport : Badminton , Basketball , Fencing , Ice hockey , athletics , Handball , Swimming , dance sport , Tennis , Table tennis and Volleyball .
Before he became President , Carter served two terms as a Georgia State Senator and one as Governor of Georgia -LRB- 1971 â `` 1975 -RRB- , and was a peanut farmer and naval officer .
In 1983 he successfully completed his studies and became an independent lawyer .
Using a subpage is the most popular method for archiving a talk page .
Christopher Emmanuel Paul -LRB- born May 6 , 1985 -RRB- is an American professional basketball point guard for the New Orleans Hornets .
Airplanes that are flying at high altitudes , or that are flying higher than what is called the Transition Altitude , which varies by country set their barometric altimeters , which control the air pressure in their plane , to a standard pressure of 29.92 inHg or 1,013.2 hPa -LRB- 1 hPa = 1 mbar -RRB- no matter what the actual sea level pressure is , in inches of mercury used in the U.S. and Canada , and in other units in other countries .
Indore reported the highest crime rate -LRB- 769.1 % -RRB- among the mega cities in India followed by Bhopal -LRB- 719.5 % -RRB- and Jaipur -LRB- 597.1 % -RRB- .
Colors could also be brown -LRB- # DD7722 -RRB- .
Hydrobromic acid has a pKa of 9 , making it a stronger acid than hydrochloric acid , but not as strong as hydroiodic acid . Hydrobromic acid is one of the strongest mineral acids known .
Like Duke , these `` boss '' enemies have a wide range of weapons and equipment -LRB- some weaker enemies have jet packs -RRB- .
He was educated at the Royal Naval School in Greenwich .
Pirelli is known for its long term primary sponsorship of the Italian football team Internazionale Milano F.C. Pirelli also supports rally .
There were ninety and nine that safely lay In the shelter of the fold .
In her room , the Governess worries about the evil she feels in the house .
Tom Brown 's Field Guide to City and Suburban Survival contains chapters on shelters and heating .
Rainy Day Music -LRB- 2003 -RRB- was stripped down and more acoustic . It was generally seen as a return to their alt-country roots .
Probert played for the National Hockey League 's Detroit Red Wings and Chicago Blackhawks .
Mizoram became the 23rd state of India on 20 February 1987 .
In 1762 he was promoted to Lieutenant , but was placed on half pay when the Seven Years War ended in 1763 .
When we did present the material , everybody was really into what we were trying to create . ''
New Zealand is an island country in the south-western Pacific Ocean comprising two main landmasses -LRB- the North Island and the South Island -RRB- and numerous smaller islands , most notably Stewart Island and the Chatham Islands .
While the Old Kingdom was a period of internal security and prosperity , it was followed by a period of disunity and relative cultural decline referred to by Egyptologists as the First Intermediate Period .
Apart from films the festival also offers other events , such as debates with filmmakers and a number of photography exhibitions .
A polar low is a small-scale , short-lived atmospheric low pressure system -LRB- depression -RRB- that is found over the ocean areas poleward of the main polar front in both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres .
`` Between Ortac , Verte TÃ te and Burhou Island , are scattered many dangerous rocks , and ledges among which the streams run with great velocity . ''
The sabre target covers everything above the waist , except the hands -LRB- wrists are included -RRB- and the back of the head .
By 1847 the township became known as Cowra .
In modern literature , the Don is often featured in the works of Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov , a writer from the stanitsa of Veshenskaya .
It is spoken as a second language in the rest of Gilgit and Hunza .
Daisuke Nasu -LRB- born October 10 , 1981 in Makurazaki , Kagoshima , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who currently plays for J. League side JÃ bilo Iwata .
The islands are separated by an international border as well as the International Date Line which is approximately 2 k from each island .
The men were quickly targeted over the next three tribal councils , leaving Chris as the sole male .
Common cause variation may include variations in temperature , properties of raw materials , strength of an electrical current etc. .
He lives in New York City .
Other forms of arthritis include Rheumatoid arthritis -LRB- which causes the bodyâ s immune system to attack the bones -RRB- , psoriatic arthritis , and septic arthritis -LRB- when an area is invaded by bacteria -RRB- .
Despite this handicap the DFV won the 24 hours of Le Mans twice in its original 3.0 litre form for Mirage and Rondeau -LRB- although the Mirage win in 1975 was with a significantly de-tuned unit -RRB- .
Parkes is a town in New South Wales , Australia .
Some reduction in numbers occurred because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland .
Once Leslie 's parents finish writing their book , she and Jesse help paint their house .
British Rail Class D2\/1 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England .
Finnix 0.01 was based on Red Hat Linux 6.1 , and was created to help with administration and recovery of other Linux workstations around Finnie 's office .
He was the younger brother of former President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy , both of whom were assassinated , as well as Joe Kennedy , who was killed in World War II .
The Klingon Language Institute -LRB- KLI -RRB- is an organization who helps to teach and learn the Klingon language .
One can find petroglyphs and pictographs on the walls of a cave or on rock in open-air .
She went on tour with the Oyster Band .
The Rolling Stone Album Guide referred to him as the world 's most `` beloved '' heavy metal entertainer .
Film critics appreciated the first season of Avatar because it attracted the attention of `` an audience beyond the children 's market with crisp animation and layered storytelling . ''
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 6,595 . As of 2006 , was estimated to be 6,905 .
African diasporic religions are a number of related religions that developed in the Americas among African slaves and their descendants in various countries of the Caribbean Islands and Latin America , as well as parts of the southern United States .
The living symbol of Smokey Bear was an American black bear who , in the spring of 1950 , was caught in the Capitan Gap fire , a wildfire that burned 17000 a in the Capitan Mountains of New Mexico . The cub was in the Lincoln National Forest .
When she first appears before gods and mortals , `` wonder seized them '' as they looked upon her .
geo-nondefault , .
Wild chinchillas seem to feed on plants , fruits , seed , and small insects .
In the 20th century , globalization contributed to the expansion of the term to refer to disbelief in all deities , though it remains common in Western society to describe atheism as simply `` disbelief in God '' .
In 1912 , on an expedition to Vietnam , he discovered and named the Tonkin Snub-nosed Langur .
This belief rested on the assumption that the blast load was fully beyond our control .
Moths , on the other hand , often have comb-like or feathery antennae , or filamentous and unclubbed .
Plutarch writes of the strange custom of the Spartans for their wedding night : The custom was to capture women for marriage ... The ... ` bridesmaid ' took charge of the captured girl .
Richard A. Peddie -LRB- born on January , 1947 in Windsor , Ontario -RRB- is the President and CEO of Maple Leafs Sports and Entertainment .
In 1954 Mercedes-Benz returned to racing in the current f1 series using the advanced Mercedes-Benz W196 -LRB- pictured -RRB- . This car was run in both open-wheeled and streamlined -LRB- body work that covered the wheels -RRB- forms .
In July 1999 , Manson had reportedly entered negotiations with New Line Cinema to produce and distribute the film and corresponding soundtrack .
One of the largest threats to Tiger Salamander populations is wetland -LRB- habitat -RRB- destruction and\/or changing .
Carpets , rugs , velvet , velor , and velveteen , are made by weaving a a second yarn through woven cloth , making a nap or pile .
Downtown Lake Worth is home to the Lake Worth Playhouse and the Museum of the City of Lake Worth .
The city lies within the large Basseterre Valley , almost completely surrounded by lush green hills and mountains .
The most important brackish water habitats are estuaries , where a river meets the sea .
Dwyane Tyrone Wade , Jr. -LRB- born January 17 , 1982 -RRB- nicknamed Flash or D-Wade , is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat .
In 1845 , it became the 28th state in the United States .
In astronomy , voids are the empty spaces between filaments . Both filaments and Voids are one of the largest-scale structures in the Universe .
Different kinds of spiders make different types of webs .
Gwadar District is divided into two sub-divisions , namely Gwadar and Pasni , which are further divided into tehsils and sub-tehsils .
Bucy-l Ã s-Cerny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Child sexual abuse is a form of child abuse in which an adult or older adolescent uses a child for sexual stimulation .
As of May 7 , 2008 , the government of Burma had not officially endorsed international assistance , but stated that they were , `` willing to accept international assistance , preferably bilateral , government to government . ''
The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting and also short distance freight trips along branch lines .
Robinson received major support from several major league players .
These have a very low viscosity , which is why they ` flood ' rather than form taller volcanoes .
However , in the measuring of post-season consecutive streaks and droughts the use of `` seasons '' is more appropriate .
It became the band 's first number one on the Billboard Hot 100 , and their first UK number one , based on download sales alone .
In its early years the division was occasionally referred to as Speedlink Distribution .
The seal is used on the Flag of the State of Kansas .
It does not require any parameters ; just place near the top of each archive for a particular page .
In total , 68 different circuits have hosted World Championship races -LRB- or will do so in 2011 -RRB- .
Helseth has played concerts with such orchestras as the Wiener Symphoniker , Beethoven Academie , Capella Cracowiensis , The Norwegian Chamber Orchestra , Shanghai Symphony Orchestra , Slovenian Radio Symphony Ljubljana , Oslo Camerata , Camerata Nordica , WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg Philharmonic , the Trondheim Soloists , Norwegian symphony orchestras , Norwegian Army bands and other brass and wind groups .
Highly eusocial bees live in colonies .
He enrolled at the Faculty of Architecture-Engineering at the University of Budapest , graduating in 1948 .
Over a half a century later , Longfellow 's youngest daughter Annie explained the story differently , claiming that there was no candle or wax but that the fire started from a self-lighting match that had fallen on the floor .
The POW camp was soon stopped , but a labor camp continued in operation through 1943 .
The numbers have an equal space from each other . Other numbers in between the numbers on the line represent rational , irrational , and other types of real numbers .
On the capital account , foreign institutional investors have convertibility to bring money in and out of the country and buy securities -LRB- subject to certain quantitative restrictions -RRB- .
There are numerous legends about the origins of boxing in Greece .
On August 25 , 2000 , Manson released three new tracks , `` Burning Flag '' , `` Cruci-Fiction In Space '' and `` The Love Song '' for digital download on their website .
John Heartfield -LRB- 19 June 1891 , Berlin â `` 26 April 1968 , East Berlin -RRB- is the anglicized name of the German photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld .
Aubiac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Callender is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
Chromium -LRB- II -RRB- oxide is a chemical compound .
The Hekla 3 eruption approximately coincides with this period and , while the exact date is under considerable dispute , has been specifically dated to 1159 BCE by Egyptologists .
Ancient toys were often made by the parents and family of the children who used them , or by the children themselves .
For 2008 season Piquet was promoted to the Renault race team . He drove alongside returning double World Champion Fernando Alonso .
A prototype design was first introduced at Choi Hung Station in the 3rd quarter of 2001 .
Also , mucus traps infectious agents .
Rosso di Montalcino is made from 100 % Sangiovese grown in the same delineated region as Brunello di Montalcino .
19th century historians from countries that carried out the partitions , such as 19th century Russian scholar Sergey Solovyov , and their 20th century followers , argued that partitions were justified , as the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth had degenerated to the point of being partitioned because the counterproductive principle of liberum veto made decision-making on divisive issues , such as a wide-scale social reform , virtually impossible .
West returned to private practice in 1981 with the firm of Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler and later worked as senior vice president for government relations of the Northrop Corporation until he became a member of the Clinton administration .
It is also the deadliest known lahar , and Colombia 's worst natural disaster .
Later on in the Kamakura period , the Kamakura Shogunate forced Emperor Gotoba and Emperor Godaigo into exile on Oki Island .
State-controlled farms stopped functioning due to the fall of the previous system resulting in high unemployment .
Samuel Chase -LRB- April 17 , 1741 â `` June 19 , 1811 -RRB- was an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and earlier was a signatory to the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Maryland .
Marles-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1925 , he shot his first Armenian film and moved to Armenia .
Kevin Brereton -LRB- born February 20 , 1972 in Toronto , Ontario -RRB- is an Canadian rapper and producer better known by his stage name , k-os which is an acronym for Knowledge of Self and is spelt with a lowercase `` k '' .
This emphasized that the players must be ready for the most sudden changes ; future seasons would have similar twists .
It was drafted by the Pilgrims who crossed the Atlantic on the Mayflower -LRB- ship -RRB- , looking for the freedom to practice Christianity according to their own determination .
Rochelle is a city in Ogle County , Illinois , United States .
Sumacs are small trees .
The Binary Slide Rule manufactured by Gilson in 1931 performed an addition and subtraction function limited to fractions .
Aang reveals in `` The Storm '' that he wishes he had been there to help his people a century ago , but would rather live a child 's carefree life .
In 2008 , the British news reported that Watson was going to be the model for the fashion house Chanel instead of Keira Knightley , but both Watson and Knightley said that this was not true .
Because of a sewer at the northern end and the District Railway to the south it was decided to build the tunnel for single-deck trams only .
The municipality is known for the Rhine Falls , Europe 's largest waterfall .
The character first appears in the Dragon Ball manga , followed by Dragon Ball Z. Frieza also appears in the television special Bardock : The Father of Goku , a few Dragon Ball Z movies , the side story The Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans , and in Dragon Ball GT .
Alex Rogers born 16 December , 1986 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership .
The Douro valley where Port wine is produced was defined and established as a protected region , or appellation in 1756 -- making it the third oldest defined and protected wine region in the world after Chianti -LRB- 1716 -RRB- and Tokaj -LRB- 1730 -RRB- .
Royal Rumble -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was the twenty-first annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- . It took place on January 27 , 2008 at Madison Square Garden in New York , New York and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
The Professional Amigos of Comic Art Society or P.A.C.A.S. was a non-profit organization founded by comic book creators Richard Dominguez , Carlos SaldaÃ a , Jose Martinez , and Fernando Rodriguez in 1995 .
VÃ zina 's second son was born the night of the fifth game , which coupled with a bonus of $ 238 each member of the Canadiens received for the championship , led to him considering the series as the pinnacle of his career .
In this episode , Lisa enters in an essay contest to write an essay about `` America 's greatness . ''
UniÃ Esportiva Sant Andreu is a Spanish football team based in the city of Barcelona , in the district of Sant Andreu , Catalonia .
Eliot Laurence Spitzer -LRB- born June 10 , 1959 -RRB- is an American lawyer , former politician of the Democratic Party and currently a political commentator .
According to W.J. Mills , Morrell had the reputation among his contemporaries as `` the biggest liar in the Southern Ocean '' .
Hells Angels is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership . The club was formed in 1948 in Fontana , California .
Richard Linklater talks about this novel in his film Waking Life , which begins with a scene reminiscent of another Dick novel , Time out of Joint .
Coal was discovered on Black Jack Hill in 1877 .
Over the six years , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by IPCC 's 2001 prediction and the actual rise was more than the top of the range the IPCC predicted .
On the weekend of the 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , Campos confirmed that Bruno Senna , the nephew of former world champion Ayrton Senna , would be one of their racing drivers for 2010 .
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The House of Commons was established in 1867 , when the British North America Act 1867cite web url = title = British created the Dominion of Canada , and was modelled on the British House of Commons .
are also found in Asia .
Often known as Bill 101 , it defined French as the only official language of Quebec in areas of provincial jurisdiction .
In the UK , the Motor Sports Association -LRB- MSA -RRB- regulate Karting .
Wind gusts reached 44 m on Ponta Delgada .
In 1955 he got a job as lecturer at Charles University in Prague .
Most stars are currently classified using the letters O , B , A , F , G , K , and M -LRB- usually memorized by astrophysicists as `` Oh , be a fine girl\/guy , kiss me '' -RRB- , where O stars are the hottest and the letter sequence indicates successively cooler stars up to the coolest M class . According to informal tradition , O stars are called `` blue '' , B `` blue-white '' , A stars `` white '' , F stars `` yellow-white '' , G stars `` yellow '' , K stars `` orange '' , and M stars `` red '' , even though the actual star colors perceived by an observer may deviate from these colors depending on visual conditions and individual stars observed .
Shinji Okazaki -LRB- born 16 April 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for VfB Stuttgart and Japan national team .
It was designed by the architects Peter Eisenman of New York and Richard Trott of Columbus , and it opened in 1989 .
Henryetta is a city in Okmulgee County , Oklahoma , United States .
Theme Hospital is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts in 1997 , in which the player designs and operates a hospital .
While some recipes do not call for coconut flavor in the cake itself , there are others that replace the milk with coconut milk and\/or use coconut extract .
Responsibility for the assassinations was claimed by a small hitherto unheard-of Republican organization called the Irish National Invincibles .
In the `` Atomic '' version , a new game play mode was introduced : Duke Tag , a `` capture the flag '' style mode .
The West Stand is the only original part of Oakwell Stadium left standing , however it was made ` all-seater ' in 1995 .
FloudÃ s is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
As of 2002 , the silk industry produces over 130 million kilograms of raw silk , worth about 250 million U.S. dollars , each year .
They were run by the council in the County of London , UK . In 1933 they were taken over by the London Passenger Transport Board .
Bangui is an administrative , trade , and commercial center .
On 18 July 2010 Ole von Beust declared his resignation effective 25 August .
Price usually decreases as the fuel number increases .
Eschelbronn is a village with 2,597 inhabitants in the Rhein-Neckar district of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany . It is adjacent to Sinsheim .
After he died in 1968 the state acquired his land , and deeded it to the park .
The final four was Chris , Eliza , Twila , and Scout .
The Telamiina 65 77 -LRB- Track mine model 66 , with detonator model 77 -RRB- is a Finnish Army standard issue anti-tank mine .
Ray did scripting , casting , scoring , cinematography , art direction , editing and designed his own credit titles and publicity material .
Robert James `` Bobby '' Fischer -LRB- March 9 , 1943 â `` January 17 , 2008 -RRB- was an American chess player and the eleventh World Chess Champion .
He is mainly known for the church music he wrote .
Raonic continued his form from the previous round as he upset Youzhny this time in four sets , the biggest upset to date .
Another important monument is the old fortress which has 3 bastions called â Capitanaâ , â Ampollettaâ and â Canavigliaâ .
A generic top-level domain -LRB- gTLD -RRB- is one category of internet domain with -LRB- TLDs -RRB- maintained by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority -LRB- IANA -RRB- for use on the Internet .
The contacted the owner , Eddie Rickenbacker , and found that the Speedway was for sale .
Some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as passenger transport authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
TMB is the company operating the line and handled by the division line in two : Line 9 and Line 10 .
Louis I -LRB- Spanish : Luis I de BorbÃ n -RRB- -LRB- 25 August 1707 â `` 31 August 1724 -RRB- was King of Spain from 14 January 1724 until his death .
In retribution , the National Convention decreed the imprisonment of all Bourbons remaining in France .
The Albigensian Crusade was started in 1209 to eliminate the Cathars of southern France .
This helps in preventing accidental installation of malware .
The most recent Moondyne Festival was on 4 May 2008 .
The first Governor was Sir Francis Mudie with Iftikhar Hussain Khan as the first Chief Minister .
Thus , the distinction between micro - and macroevolution is not a fundamental one - the only difference between them is of time and scale .
On Rotten Tomatoes , the general consensus is `` This inferior rehash of The Jungle Book should have gone straight to video . ''
A two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates . There the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle Î -LRB- theta -RRB- .
It was based on the LMS 12033 series -LRB- later TOPS Class 11 -RRB- .
If a player 's move places the opponent 's king under attack , that king is in check , and the player in check is made to stop the attack .
The Canal widens at this point to include Lake Timsah , one of the Bitter Lakes .
It remained near the coast for 3 days before recurving to the east , hitting near Louisiana and Pensacola before moving out to sea on October 11 .
Until this director 's sudden removal in the early 1960s , the ` Soviet month ' was dreaded .
Boreanaz ' first television acting job was a single episode on the hit American sitcom , Married ... with Children . He played Kelly 's biker boyfriend .
After Hahn completed her part of the contract with Sony , which was for five recordings over six years , she decided against renewing the contract as she and Sony did not agree on her future projects .
On 12 September 2006 , Nickelodeon also released the `` Complete Book One Collection Box Set '' , which had all of the episodes in the season as well as a special features disc .
In 2009 , an archeological dig on the island found convict era punishment cells under the cookhouse .
p70 She was the second woman , after Gaprindashvili , to be awarded the title .
The climate in the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is characterised by rainy weather .
Until 2003 the stadium and the vast amount of land that surrounds it was owned by Barnsley Football Club themselves , however after falling into administration in 2002 the council purchased the main Oakwell Stadium to allow the club to pay its creditors and remain participants in The Football League .
The Clayton Type 1 -LRB- later known as Class 17 -RRB- was a class of diesel locomotive operated by British Railways .
From that moment , he regularly played for Estonia during Chess Olympiads and European teamchampionships .
The most spectacular is Bridge 22 - the brick-built Chelfham Viaduct , which was fully restored in 2000 .
Ardres is a commune .
A would-be universal conqueror , the Master wants to control the universe -LRB- in The Deadly Assassin his ambitions were becoming `` the master of all matter '' , and in `` The Sound of Drums '' he acknowledges that he chose his own name -RRB- .
Duroplast was used by Central European automobile manufacturer VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the mass-produced Trabant motor car .
She is also the daughter of WWE Chairman and CEO Vince McMahon and Linda McMahon , as well as the younger sister of Shane McMahon , and wife of American wrestler Paul Levesque -LRB- a.k.a Triple H -RRB- .
The Caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization , while on the largest island the Cuban Revolution introduced Cold War rivalries into Latin America .
The music video for `` I 'm Outta Time '' was released in November 2008 .
However , the name Basseterre is also due to the fact that the island is on the lee of winds of the island , and is thus a safe anchorage .
A group of monkeys may be referred to as a mission or a tribe .
In 1801 , 1,430 people lived in Stevenage . In 1901 , 4,049 people lived in Stevenage .
Habermas was also the 2004 Kyoto Laureate in the Arts and Philosophy section .
The word `` curfew '' comes from the French phrase `` couvre-feu '' which means `` cover the fire '' .
Broom was first known for his study of mammal-like reptiles .
However , the presentation of the ICD code without the period is also commonly found on the web -LRB- for example , at this site -RRB- so the confusion caused by the omission of the period should be minimal .
Tokyopop , and formerly known as Mixx , is a distributor , licensor , and publisher of anime , manga , manhwa and Original English-language manga in English , German , and Japanese . Tokyopop has its headquarters in Los Angeles , California and branches in the United Kingdom and Germany .
It is estimated that 75 % of adults worldwide show some decrease in lactase activity during adulthood .
Bournemouth is a town in Dorset , in the country of England .
How sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me .
The server message is used to tell a server that the other end of a new connection is a server .
The vast majority of these were inherited from its four constituent companies .
The video game was released for the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable and Xbox 360 systems . The video game was released on January 25 , 2007 in Japan , November 14 , 2006 in North America , November 10 , 2006 in Europe and on November 16 , 2006 in Australia for the PlayStation 2 & Xbox 360 .
Two re-recordings of the song were done . They raised more money and also finished Number One on the charts .
James Rodney Richard -LRB- born March 7 , 1950 -RRB- is a former right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played his entire career , from 1971 to 1980 , with the Houston Astros .
Its approach by rail is by a triangular connection to both and .
Rapides Parish is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana .
The following day , Germany invaded the Low Countries , and Chamberlain considered remaining in office . However , Attlee confirmed that Labor would not serve under Chamberlain , though it was willing to serve under someone else , and Chamberlain went to Buckingham Palace to resign and advise the King to send for Churchill .
The Last Airbender was made for $ 150 million and marketed with a budget of $ 130 million , making total costs at least $ 280 million .
It is distinguished by its irregular shape , its chaotic rotation , and its unexplained sponge-like appearance .
Saint-Martin-de-Sescas is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The opposition of the rebellious German nobles used the excommunication of Henry to set up a rival king Duke Rudolph of Swabia -LRB- Forchheim , March 1077 -RRB- .
In 1736 her brother the Duke of Lorraine married the Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria , daughter and heiress apparent of Charles VI , Holy Roman Emperor .
Carmine is the general term for a particularly deep red color .
String theory proponents say this is because the theory is not finished yet .
In 1798 , Thurgau was occupied by French troops , along with much of the rest of Switzerland .
Paramount disliked it completely . They also found themselves intimidated by Major Frank Pease , president of the Hollywood Technical Director 's Institute .
Vilnius is connected by highways to other major Lithuanian cities , such as Kaunas -LRB- 102 km\/63 mi away -RRB- , Å iauliai -LRB- 214 km\/133 mi away -RRB- and PanevÄ -- Å 3\/4 ys -LRB- 135 km\/84 mi away -RRB- .
When the organic matter has broken down into a stable humic substances that resist further decomposition it is called humus .
With her death , another 114-year-old , Edna Parker of the United States , became the oldest living person .
\* p. \* # Thaana + anything else -LRB- ? !
The capital of Olt County is Slatina .
These are particularly common in chip pan fires , which are responsible for one in five house fires in Britain every year .
When the jellyfish came back and told RyÅ `` jin what had happened , RyÅ `` jin became so angry that he beat the jellyfish until its bones were all broken .
His best known works are the Rhymes and the Legends , usually published together as Rimas y leyendas .
James Burney became an admiral . He sailed with Captain James Cook on his second and third trips .
Plantain leaves are also used in making `` Karimeen Pollichathu '' in Kerala .
It has an area of 2,991 kmÂ which is divided into six administrative districts -LRB- arrondissementen in Dutch -RRB- containing 65 municipalities .
Kulachi is a city and the headquarters of Kulachi Tehsil -LRB- an administrative subdivision -RRB- of Dera Ismail Khan District in North-West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
Occultism is the study of occult or hidden wisdom -LRB- forbidden knowledge -RRB- .
Edmund is shown in a more positive light in this book than in The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe .
This category contains articles about albums released on Island Records and links to its sub-labels .
In the reconstruction after the Great Fire , Hooke proposed redesigning London 's streets on a grid pattern with wide boulevards and arteries , a pattern subsequently used in the renovation of Paris , Liverpool , and many American cities .
Karthikeyan went on to win the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Most Popular Driver Award for the 2010 season . This award is voted on by the fans .
Women were first admitted to Howard College in 1895 , and the college officially became coeducational in 1913 .
From there sailed in 1848 many Istrian Italians to fight for Venice against the Austrians with the Legione Istriano-dalmata .
Before St. Clare can follow through on his pledge , however , he dies after being stabbed while entering a New Orleans tavern .
Coincidentally , Coe had met McCartney three years earlier when she was a contestant and prize winner on ITV 's Ready Steady Go ! .
Ultrasonic cleaners , sometimes mistakenly called supersonic cleaners , are used at frequencies from 20 to 40 kHz for jewellery , lenses and other optical parts , watches , dental instruments , surgical instruments , diving regulators and industrial parts .
Blu-ray Disc is a high-density optical disc format similar to DVD .
This makes Template : Month3 easier to use than Month3\/2 .
His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso is the fourteenth Dalai Lama . His full name is Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso -LRB- born Llhamo DÃ ndrub on 6 July 1935 in Qinghai -RRB- , is the fourteenth and current Dalai Lama .
The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a request for adminship , request for bureaucratship or request for checkusership that did not succeed .
Coincidentally , Junction City -LRB- about 8 miles from Weaverville -RRB- now has a Tibetan Buddhist center with the occasional Tibetan monks in saffron robes .
Haughey was elected Taoiseach on the casting vote of the Ceann Comhairle .
Lewicki was an Allan Cup , Memorial Cup and Stanley Cup winner at the age of 20 .
The longer-range 777-300ER and 777-200LR variants entered service in 2004 and 2006 , respectively , while a freighter version , the 777F , first flew in 2008 .
Many smaller towns are also located on the Tasman Peninsula . The largest are Nubeena and Koonya .
Bujold lives in Malibu , California . She is the mother of a second son Emmanuel -LRB- born in 1980 -RRB- with companion Dennis Hastings .
The DC-10 , a series 10 model , made its first flight on August 29 , 1970 .
He was a member of the Dominican community at Fiesole .
Folembray is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Most recently , Simms can be seen as co-host and interior designer on Home & Garden Television Desperate Spaces .
Fredericksburg is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Its legs were powerful , but it is not believed to have been a fast runner .
Although he retired from full time teaching in 1988 , Hurwicz taught graduate school as Professor Emeritus in the autumn of 2006 .
The key exchange problem is how to exchange whatever keys or other information are needed so that no one else can obtain a copy .
Bellengreville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Nestorius -LRB- in Greek : Î Î Ï Ï Ï Ï Î Î Ï ; c. 386 â `` c. 451 -RRB- was Archbishop of Constantinople from 10 April 428 to 22 June 431 .
The Horned Sungem -LRB- Heliactin bilophus -RRB- is a species hummingbird .
The unit was called SS-Special Purpose Troops -LRB- SS-Verf Ã 1\/4 gungstruppe -RRB- and was not the police or the Armed Forces but military trained men for the use by the FÃ 1\/4 hrer in war or peace . The SS-Verf Ã 1\/4 gungstruppe -LRB- known as SS-VT -RRB- was told to the public on 16 March 1935 .
Northeastern 's home , Tahlequah , is also the capital of The Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma .
Spiral rainbands are such a basic part of a tropical cyclone that in most tropical cyclone basins , use of the satellite-based Dvorak technique is the main method used to determine a tropical cyclone 's maximum sustained winds .
Barr is known as one of the leaders of the impeachment of President Bill Clinton .
Other landmarks like the Andhra Pradesh High Court , Jubilee Hall , Asafia library , The Assembly building , the Osmania Arts College and the Osmania Medical College are some of their important buildings .
The combined rivers then flow eastwards into Pakistan . Then it becomes known as the Chitral River , joining the Indus River at the city of Attock .
As communities established themselves on the shelves , the reefs grew upwards , pacing rising sea levels .
They play in the National Basketball Association .
Many scholars say that Genesis is a corrupted version of God 's message .
The exclusion of professionals caused several controversies throughout the history of the modern Olympics .
The Convention People 's Party -LRB- CPP -RRB- was a political party made by Kwame Nkrumah in 1949 .
Notable roads spanning the length of Montecito include Mountain Drive , Sycamore Canyon Road , and East Valley Road .
Gonzales served as a general counsel when Bush was the governor of Texas .
As a result , Bir Tawil is one of the few land areas of the world which is not claimed by any state .
`` Minute of silence '' redirects here . For the Soviet radio program , see Minute of Silence .
In general , cultured pearls are less valuable than natural pearls , whereas imitation pearls almost have no value .
Hiroshi Hayano -LRB- born 14 November 1955 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Hiroshi Kichise -LRB- born 10 July 1983 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Pakistan is no different and has a vibrant culture of hijras .
Aboriginal people understand that fire is necessary to â clean upâ the landscape and believe that many small fires are preferable to one large fire .
With the formula C5H5N5O , guanine is a derivative of purine .
The term French vanilla is often used to designate preparations that have a strong vanilla aroma , and contain vanilla grains .
The sickle-claws of the dromaeosaurid Deinonychus have a curvature of 160 degrees , well within the range of climbing animals .
The Monteiths with help from Samuel Althouse .
On September 29 , 2000 , Microsoft released Windows 2000 Datacenter .
The cut stones of the fortress were used in the construction of the Pont de la Concorde .
Older designs of small two-stroke engines produced more pollution than four stroke engines .
Tony Blair 's Labor government was elected in 1997 , and was committed to bringing back London-wide government .
Charles Halle is said to have invented the automatic page-turner .
Edge was added to the match while it was in progress , and pinned Triple H to win the match .
Droizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Affoltern am Albis is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of ZÃ 1\/4 rich in Switzerland .
China produced about 35 % of the world 's apples .
Sergei Viktorovich Fedorov -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð ' Ð Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ ` Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð ; born December 13 , 1969 -RRB- is a Russian professional ice hockey forward and occasional defenceman .
The Summer Palace is a palace in Beijing , China .
In Eastern Christian traditions -LRB- Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy -RRB- , as well as some Western traditions , it is seen as a state of opposition to the love of God , a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the Mediator and Redeemer .
Bartlet faced three debates with his Republican opponent .
Success continued in the form of a 3 â `` 1 away victory against Liverpoolâ '' commentators stated that Hiddink had rejuvenated Chelsea following Scolari 's departure .
Greek drama began with festivals for the gods , mainly Dionysus , the god of wine .
Liberty is also home to William Jewell College .
Pearl-shelling was responsible for the arrival of experienced divers from many countries , notably Japan .
In several colonies , the establishment ceased to exist in practice at the Revolution , about 1776 ; this is the date of legal abolition .
The Kongo language , or Kikongo , is the Bantu language spoken by the Bakongo and Bandundu people living in the tropical forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Republic of the Congo and Angola .
Amersham Station is also served by Chiltern Railways , which runs trains between London Marylebone and Aylesbury .
Several species of Dromaeosaurus have been described , but Dromaeosaurus albertensis is the most complete specimen .
StÃ phane Houdet \/ Nicolas Peifer , 6 â `` 3 , 6 â `` 3 .
Because of this , each commune in France has more than just one number of how many people live in it , but many . For example , students may be counted where they study and where they live but do not study -LRB- they place they were born in -RRB- .
After reviewing the documents , some historians now think that Adams does not deserve equal credit with Le Verrier .
Hugo 's other children were LÃ opoldine -LRB- 28 August 1824 -RRB- , Charles -LRB- 4 November 1826 -RRB- , FranÃ ois-Victor -LRB- 28 October 1828 -RRB- and AdÃ le -LRB- 24 August 1830 -RRB- .
The resorts in the Goms region are slightly less known , yet also receive attention during the summer hiking season and the winter ski season .
On 8 December 1650 he married Henriette Adelaide of Savoy , daughter of Victor Amadeus I of Savoy and Christine Marie of France .
Ironically , skyscraper has some etymology from references to high sailboat masts .
Aefligen is a municipality in the Emmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
This left Ferrari and McLaren as the only remaining users of the KERS system .
The Glasgow Subway is an underground metro line in Glasgow , Scotland .
The capital city of the district is Cevio .
The term is derived from the Latin fortis -LRB- `` strong '' -RRB- and facere -LRB- `` to make '' -RRB- .
He published the Bangladesh Newsletter from his home in Nashville .
After adding - r or - er , one obtains an infinitive in a majority of cases : decora\/t\/ion , decora\/t - , decora\/r .
Both Postmodern dance and Contemporary dance are built upon the foundations laid by Modern dance and form part of the greater category of 20th century concert dance .
In RNA , thymine is replaced by uracil -LRB- U -RRB- .
In the novel , both children died in the 1920s because they became sick . However , before they died , Alexei married and had a son .
Kristopher Hugh Martin Schau -LRB- born August 12 , 1970 in Oslo -RRB- is a Norwegian musician , TV host , comedian and song writer .
In those cases , use to create the proper value without having to know the rules for how creates the ID .
Phoenix City Council members are elected to four-year terms by voters in each of the eight districts .
The music for `` Home on the Range '' was composed by Higley 's friend , Daniel E. Kelley .
Unlike the apps that come standard on the iPhone -LRB- such as the YouTube app , which Apple added through an iOS software upgrade months before the launch of the App Store -RRB- , apps downloaded from the App Store can be removed by the user at a future date .
It has zinc and antimonide ions in it .
In 1996 the Archbishop of Canterbury conferred a Lambeth Doctorate of Music upon him in recognition of his contribution to church music .
She was ill with breast cancer for several years . She died in her sleep at her home in Carry-le-Rouet , Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne on April 21 , 2003 .
It would have been clear to the public which emperor was the more senior .
JosÃ de Espronceda , baptised JosÃ Ignacio Javier Oriol EncarnaciÃ n de Espronceda y Delgado -LRB- March 25 , 1808 - May 23 , 1842 -RRB- was among the most important Spanish romanticist poets of the 19th century .
The first episode aired on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD in the UK .
In 1989 the Diocese was elevated to become the Archdiocese of Kupang .
Carl Jung 's definition of abstraction broadened its scope beyond the thinking process to include exactly four mutually exclusive , opposing complementary psychological functions : sensation , intuition , feeling , and thinking .
The blood orange is a variety of orange -LRB- Citrus sinensis -RRB- with crimson -LRB- blood-colored -RRB- interior flesh and an outer surface -LRB- skin -RRB- that is colored orange-red .
When the new Bundestag met on October 18 , however , he failed three times to be elected .
The Bloods are a street gang founded in Los Angeles , California .
The Manifesto has been translated into 20 languages .
- i : -LRB- ^ x20 - xFF -RRB- -RRB- .
Hanna and Barbera ultimately wrote and directed one hundred and fourteen Tom and Jerry cartoons at the MGM cartoon studio in Hollywood , California between 1940 and 1957 , when the animation unit was closed .
Dame Mitsuko Uchida , DBE -LRB- born Atami , Japan , December 20 , 1948 -RRB- is a Japanese pianist who lives in London .
Emaar Properties announced on 9 June 2008 that construction of Burj Khalifa was delayed by upgraded finishes and would be completed only in September 2009 .
Its a special city tour that visits the principal tourist attractions in Curitiba , featuring comfortable green with big windows and a shape similar to that of streetcars .
Another commonly eaten roe is that from the cod -LRB- torsk -RRB- .
She is the presenter of the shows Most Haunted , Most Haunted Live ! and Ghosthunting with ... She is also the executive producer of the shows .
While remaining common in many places , Tiger Salamander numbers have gone down compared with old levels .
She is tired of him .
It is known for its daily `` Sunshine Girl '' .
The isotope of Hydrogen Hydrogen-1 has no neutrons , and a positive hydrogen ion has no electrons .
Some of her notable films included Nell -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , The Parent Trap -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Maid in Manhattan -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
In 1957 , Mitropoulos and Leonard Bernstein served together as Principal Conductors until , in the course of the season , Bernstein was appointed Music Director , becoming the first American-born-and-trained conductor to head the Philharmonic .
In earlier times it was often used as a water repellent coating for boats , ships , and roofs .
A nithing pole , sometimes normalized as nithstang or nidstang , was a pole used for cursing an enemy in Germanic pagan tradition .
It is a widespread and common species throughout Europe , the Middle East , Central and Northern Asia , and parts of North Africa in any sort of woodland .
Some extinct insects had an additional pair of winglets attaching to the first segment of the thorax , for a total of three pairs .
He spun off the circuit in wet conditions at the European Grand Prix . That turned out to be his last race for the team .
For Shaoxing wine , see Shaoxing wine .
This key is not used much in orchestral music , and usually only to modulate . It is used in some keyboard pieces and has been most popular in Russian pieces .
Ø Ù Û Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø -RRB- is the highest level of professional football in Iran .
Charon is a moon of the dwarf planet Pluto .
The Malayan Tapir -LRB- Tapirus indicus -RRB- , also called the Asian Tapir , is the largest of the four species of tapir and the only one native to Asia .
There is an ongoing debate over whether H. floresiensis is indeed a separate species .
It is the volume of a cube with edges one metre in length .
The left and right templates receive one parameter , , from s-line , which tells them which termini to return .
His time at Hertfordshire also saw the start of a professional relationship with James Callaghan .
When this effect is taken into account , typical gamma-ray bursts are observed to have a true energy release of about 1044 J , or about 1\/2000 of a Solar mass energy equivalent .
A simple scalar treatment of the moment of inertia is sufficient for many situations . But with a more advanced tensor treatment it is possible to allow the analysis of such complicated systems as spinning tops and gyroscope motion .
Joacim Cans -LRB- born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden -RRB- is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
Neoendemism refers to a species that has recently arisen such as a species that has diverged and become reproductively isolated , or one that has formed following hybridization and is now classified as a separate species .
Susanna enters and tells her the latest plan to trap the Count .
Periods should be punctuated with an unspaced en dash -LRB- e.g. -RRB- .
It contains 14 new tracks written by Brian May , Paul Rodgers and Roger Taylor .
Let us earn the right not to blush , but be proud of our existence abroad .
Ryu Saito -LRB- born 18 September 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The word `` Fuhua '' spreads from the right to the left at the front .
Formosa means `` beautiful island '' in Portuguese .
It occurs in 1 % -2 % of all hospitalizations and accounts for as much as 25 % of intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- bed utilization .
ISO 3166 never assigns country codes beginning with `` X '' , these codes being assigned for privately customized use only -LRB- reserved , never for official codes -RRB- â '' for instance , the ISO 3166-based NATO country codes -LRB- STANAG 1059 , 9th edition -RRB- use `` X '' codes for imaginary exercise countries ranging from XXB for `` Brownland '' to XXR for `` Redland '' , as well as for major commands such as XXE for SHAPE or XXS for SACLANT .
When President Childers died suddenly in 1974 , all parties agreed to nominate Ã `` DÃ laigh for the post .
Jonathan Scarfe starred as Kennedy .
Kollikodon ritchiei is a fossil monotreme species .
The company transferred to New Mills from London during the Blitz and has remained ever since .
In many cases , several small villages are located in a single parish .
The population was 17,225 at the 2000 census .
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith is a 2005 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas .
Its county seat is Nashville .
To the Ayyavazhi devotees , there are seven holy places , called Pathis , with the Pancha pathis being the most important .
1000 -- 1697 The Postclassic Era saw the collapse of many of the great nations and cities of the Classic Era , although some continued , such as in Oaxaca , Cholula , and the Maya of YucatÃ n , such as at Chichen Itza and Uxmal .
After the purchase of Minardi , Red Bull Racing announced the team would become Scuderia Toro Rosso . Speed and Vitantonio Liuzzi would be the drivers for the 2006 season .
This template creates a header to be used with succession boxes for sporting positions .
The passage was relatively fast , but the mortality rate was the highest in the history of transportation to Australia .
The outcome for coma and vegetative state depends on the cause , location , severity and extent of neurological damage . A deeper coma alone does not necessarily mean a slimmer chance of recovery , because some people in deep coma recover well while others in a so-called milder coma sometimes fail to improve .
Initially called the Style Mucha , this soon became known as Art Nouveau .
However , in the Channel Islands a constable is an elected office-holder at the parish level .
The Secret Service used to be part of the Treasury Department , but is now part of the Department of Homeland Security .
He put forward a number of unsolved problems at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris in 1900 .
The 1928 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad , were held in 1928 in Amsterdam , Netherlands . Amsterdam had made a bid for the 1920 and 1924 Olympic Games , but had to give way to war-victim Belgium and De Coubertin 's Paris before finally being awarded with the organization .
Upon moving ashore , the storm produced a minor storm surge peaking at 3.22 feet -LRB- 0.98 m -RRB- at Pleasure Pier , which caused minor beach erosion .
Non-ionizing radiation -LRB- or , esp . in British English , non-ionising radiation -RRB- means any type of electromagnetic radiation that does not carry enough energy to ionize atoms or molecules - that is , to completely remove an electron from an atom or molecule .
John James Audubon -LRB- April 26 , 1785 â `` January 27 , 1851 -RRB- was a French-American ornithologist , naturalist , hunter , and painter .
However , while filming the original pilot `` Serenity '' , Whedon decided that Rebecca Gayheart was unsuitable for the role of Inara Serra , and shot her scenes in singles so that it would be easier to replace her .
Counting is something people do to find out how many things there are of any kind .
The airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which also runs the two other major airports in the New York area , Newark Liberty International Airport and LaGuardia Airport .
The scheduled sentencing never took place because Lay died while vacationing of a suspected heart attack in Snowmass , Colorado on July 5 , 2006 .
The university grew out of an association of scholars in the city of Cambridge that was formed , early records suggest , in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with townsfolk .
In 1778 Britain was again at war , and Phillip was recalled to active service , and in 1779 obtained his first command , the Basilisk .
Redding is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States .
Members of the Third through Fifth degrees constitute the Priesthood and may be addressed as `` Reverend . ''
The band is composed of brothers Luther Dickinson -LRB- guitar , vocals -RRB- and Cody Dickinson -LRB- drums , keyboards , electric washboard -RRB- , and Chris Chew -LRB- electric bass guitar -RRB- .
They were followed by the Yuezhi , who were known in India as the Kushans or Kushanas .
Dearborn County , Indiana , Dearborn , Michigan and Dearborn , Missouri were also named for him , as was Fort Dearborn in Chicago , which in turn was the namesake for Dearborn Street , a major street in downtown Chicago .
Construction of this facility is underway , with the first manufacturing line expected to be fully operational this year .
Impressed with the group 's material , he brought the trio to the attention of Lorne Michaels , the producer of Saturday Night Live , who agreed to see them .
By the 1st century BC the threat of the legions under a demagogue was recognized .
Today Vavilov 's name stands high . The Vavilov Institute of Plant Industry in St. Petersburg is named after him .
The klobuk is worn over the mantle .
Fabrizio Poletti -LRB- born 13 July 1943 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Alfalfa -LRB- Medicago sativa -RRB- is a species of plant . It belongs in the family Fabaceae .
He came under criticism for his statement that Germanyâ s military missions abroad also served to secure trade .
The great changes made by her translators made the Continent receive Austen differently than in Britain .
HyVee 's Largest Store is in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , which has over 100000 s of Retail Space in the store .
County councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region , with smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities .
It is distinguished from geriatrics , which is the branch of medicine that studies the diseases of the elderly .
The gently undulating lowland plains stretch over much of the Top End . Travelling anywhere in Kakadu , you can not help noticing the lowlandsâ '' they make up nearly 70 % of the Park .
French art critic Louis Vauxcelles first used the term Cubism , or `` bizarre cubiques '' , in 1908 after seeing a picture by Braque .
The jewellers of the time excelled at handling details and filigrees : thus , the funeral wreaths present very realistic leaves of trees or stalks of wheat .
Catania -LRB- ; Sicilian : Pruvincia di Catania -RRB- is a province in the autonomous island region of Sicily in Italy .
Phil Younghusband -LRB- born 4 August 1987 -RRB- is a Filipino football player .
One of the first examples of this was built by Hero of Alexandria -LRB- c. 10 â `` 70 AD -RRB- . He built a mechanical theater which performed a play lasting 10 minutes and was operated by a complex system of ropes and drums .
The Seward Peninsula was once part of the Bering land bridge , a roughly thousand mile wide swath of land connecting Siberia with mainland Alaska during the Pleistocene Ice Age .
He encourages Cassy to escape , which she does , taking Emmeline with her .
Fulton County is a county that can be found in the state of Georgia .
Ellsworth is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
Since then , the medal has been awarded 1,356 times to 1,353 individual recipients .
Coutances Cathedral -LRB- CathÃ drale Notre-Dame de Coutances -RRB- is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral in the town of Coutances , Normandy , France .
The unique design and engineering challenges of building Burj Khalifa have been featured in a number of television documentaries , including the Big , Bigger , Biggest series on the National Geographic and Five channels , and the Mega Builders series on the Discovery Channel .
Once they arrive at the factory , they are lead to a security scanner , which surreptitiously collects their DNA to transfer to an `` Archetype '' -LRB- Thomas Knight -RRB- under the supervision of the factory 's owner , Mrs Wormwood -LRB- Samantha Bond -RRB- .
In between , Bernard had passed Piquet as well .
However if you use this template , your icons will be automatically fixed permanently once we do find a solution .
The first use of the service pack caused a number of machines to continually reboot , rendering the machines unusable .
Between 1918 and 1940 the center of the city undertook large renovation work .
Adam Joseph Copeland -LRB- born October 30 , 1973 -RRB- is a Canadian professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring name Edge .
The `` T '' in T cell stands for thymus .
The International Species Information System -LRB- ISIS -RRB- is an international non-profit organization that helps zoos and aquariums around the world .
It is closely related to another valid form of argument , modus tollens or denying the consequent .
The original twelve nations that signed it and thus became the founding members of NATO were the following :
Each ommatidium contains 8 photoreceptor cells -LRB- R1-8 -RRB- , support cells , pigment cells , and a cornea .
There have been many theological disagreements over the nature of Jesus over the first centuries of Christian history . But Christians generally believe that Jesus is God incarnate and `` true God and true man . ''
The area south of the Antarctic Circle is known as the Antarctic , and the zone immediately to the north is called the Southern Temperate Zone .
British Virgin Islands national football team is the national football team of British Virgin Islands .
Thus , a price can be put on the natural capital of an ecosystem based on the price of natural resources it yields each year .
The Scottish Government has ruled that the Saltire should , where possible , fly on all its buildings every day from 8am until sunset .
The reaction forms hydrogen gas and lithium hydroxide in aqueous solution .
There are exceptions ; the major town of Ipswich , Queensland has the postcode 4305 , while Goodna , a relatively unimportant suburb of Ipswich , is allocated 4300 .
The most far-reaching conquest was the conquest of Britannia .
LSD was first synthesized on November 16 , 1938 by Swiss chemist Albert Hofmann at the Sandoz Laboratories in Basel , Switzerland as part of a large research program searching for medically useful ergot alkaloid derivatives .
The flower , which contains the non-toxic pyrrolizidine alkaloid thesinine , has a sweet honey-like taste and as one of the few truly blue-colored edible things , is often used to decorate dessert .
CESG -LRB- originally Communications-Electronics Security Group -RRB- is the branch of GCHQ which works to secure the communications and information systems of the government and critical parts of UK national infrastructure .
About 500 Aboriginal people live in the Park ; many of them are traditional owners .
Bellebrune is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Owing to their small population , the Tibetan Muslims are scattered throughout Tibet , although many can be found in Lhasa and Shigatse .
A special kind of mesh , limiting the number of hops between two nodes , is a hypercube .
Internet Explorer 1.5 was released several months later for Windows NT and added support for basic table rendering .
In 1975 , he married Christina M. Nielson , but they divorced in 1981 .
Modern glues and paper are less attractive to insects .
The duo then released `` Let You Go '' on 15 August 2010 , revealing it to be the second official single to be released from their second studio album , named No More Idols according to posters outside their album launch show at the HMV Forum in Kentish Town on October 21 .
Naoki Soma -LRB- ç é ç æ , born 19 July 1971 in Shizuoka -RRB- is a former Japanese football defender -LRB- Left back -RRB- .
This allowed the Royal Australian Navy to relocate them to other countries -LRB- Papua New Guinea 's Manus Island , and Nauru -RRB- as part of the so-called Pacific Solution .
In a 1980 interview with Playboy magazine , John Lennon said , '' ` Oh !
Beginning in 1820 , Aarau has been a refuge for political refugees .
The Trust Shot consists of two members of a squad standing next to paper target boards , while another member fires on the targets with a handgun while walking towards them from 15 metres -LRB- 49.2 feet -RRB- away .
Measuring devices placed in the chamber to calculate the force of the blast were themselves destroyed by the explosion ; the skull of the dummy representing King James , which had been placed on a throne inside the chamber surrounded by courtiers , peers and bishops , was found a considerable distance from the site .
They saw a national park as establishing a way to manage the land that could protect their interests and be sympathetic to their aspirations .
Their divorce was granted in November 1954 .
It is specifically for archived public mailing lists .
Louis IX of France -LRB- Saint Louis -RRB- rebuilt the port in the 13th century as France 's only Mediterranean port at that time .
The books are a fictionalised , if autobiographical , social history of rural English life in the late 19th and early 20th century and are now considered minor classics .
It is the Unix epoch time and it was also the first year of the 1970s .
he expanded the curriculum to include carpentry , wood turning , bricklaying , blacksmithing , animal husbandry , horticulture and floriculture , mattress and broom making , shoe making , poultry raising , tailoring , electrical engineering , and domestic science .
It is the home of Disneyland , and two professional sports teams , The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim -LRB- Baseball -RRB- and the Anaheim Ducks -LRB- ice hockey -RRB- .
The 1960 â `` 61 NHL season was the 44th season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
One of her lovers was Tithonus .
A nor ` easter -LRB- also northeaster ; see below -RRB- is a type of macro-scale storm along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada , so named because the storm travels to the northeast from the south and the winds come from the northeast , especially in the coastal areas of the Northeastern United States and Atlantic Canada .
The arrondissement of Belley is an arrondissement of France , located in the Ain department , in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region .
The Trialeti culture was the second culture to appear in the Caucasus , after the Kura-Araxes culture .
Montselgues is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Johann Friedrich Theodor MÃ 1\/4 ller -LRB- 31 March 1821 -- 21 May 1897 -RRB- , always known as Fritz , was a German biologist and physician who emigrated to southern Brazil , where he lived in and near the German community of Blumenau , Santa Catarina .
The `` New Look '' -LRB- a name given it by American fashion-magazine editor Carmel Snow -RRB- revolutionized women 's dress and reestablished Paris as the center of the fashion world after World War II .
Cagliari also has a port .
Elements of the complement cascade can be found in many non-mammalian species including plants , birds , fish and some species of invertebrates .
These have to come last , so that special cases -LRB- which these might transform into an unanticipated error -RRB- get treated first .
Racquinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Other metrics include floral waste content -LRB- i.e. the saffron spice sample 's non-stigma floral content -RRB- and measurements of other extraneous matter such as inorganic material -LRB- `` ash '' -RRB- .
The Baltoro Glacier , at 62 kilometers long , is one of the longest glaciers outside of the polar regions .
William Peter Van Ness -LRB- February 13 , 1778 -- September 6 , 1826 -RRB- was a United States federal judge .
More rarely would one find a four-string double bass with a `` B extension '' , extending the lowest string down to a low B. The extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass .
Grendel is usually depicted as a monster , though this is the subject of scholarly debate .
These prehistoric mammals are related to the elephant and , more distantly , the sea cow .
The Global Handwashing Day took place for the first time on October 15 , 2008 , the date appointed by United Nations General Assembly to go along with the year 2008 as the International Year of Sanitation .
A near life-sized statue of Nephthys -LRB- currently housed in the Louvre -RRB- boasts a curiously altered inscription .
Three of these later became British Rail numbers 12000 â `` 12002 -LRB- previously 7074\/76\/79 respectively -RRB- .
In 1811 , Huntsville became the first incorporated town in Alabama .
The Mayflower was the ship that transported the English Separatists , better known as the Pilgrims , from a site near the Mayflower Steps in Plymouth , England , to Plymouth , Massachusetts , -LRB- which would become the capital of Plymouth Colony -RRB- , in 1620 .
Metroid Prime 3 : Corruption is a first-person action-adventure game developed by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
If the aisles are high and of a width comparable to the central nave , the structure is sometimes said to have three naves .
Burnham and Armstrong waited until Mlimo entered the cave and started his dance of immunity , at which point Burnham shot Mlimo just below the heart .
Clarbec is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
In 2000 , the series sponsor became the Internet search engine Northern Light . The series was named the Indy Racing Northern Light Series .
Giancarlo Antognoni -LRB- born 1 April 1954 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
After Neymar 's performances for Brazil 's U-17 team at the 2009 U-17 World Cup , on July 26 , 2010 , Neymar was selected in the squad for the Brazil team by new head coach Mano Menezes for a friendly match against USA team on August 10 , 2010 .
Borat 's movie has been accused of promoting antiziganism .
The word `` claws '' is most often used in reference to an invertebrate .
`` Hearts on Fire '' is a 2002 song by Swedish heavy metal band HammerFall .
The peripheral nervous system , or PNS , consists of the nerves and ganglia outside of the brain and spinal cord . The main function of the PNS is to connect the central nervous system -LRB- CNS -RRB- to the limbs and organs .
In the months following The Prestiges release , Nolan made numerous comments suggesting that he would return to direct the sequel to Batman Begins .
She later moved to California , where she lived on her own until age 105 . She spent her final years at the Western Convalescent Center in Jefferson Park , Los Angeles .
However , Yaqub died and construction stopped .
Just a few months after Van Buren became president , there was a financial crisis called the Panic of 1837 .
The site is in the southern Maya lowlands on a small island in Lake PetÃ n ItzÃ . This island is now part of the Department of PetÃ n in northern Guatemala .
The essential characteristic of all three types is that they consist of a ring bank and ditch but with the ditch inside the bank rather than outside .
In previous tie situations , where a re-vote did not determine a single contestant to be eliminated , votes from past tribal councils were used , and the contestant with the most prior votes was eliminated .
In 2006 , Benson worked with artist Ben Templesmith on Demon Father Johnâ s Pinwheel Blues published by IDW .
Though some questioned his suitability for the role , Johnson defeated Labor incumbent Ken Livingstone and was elected Mayor , after which he resigned as an MP from the House of Commons .
When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger , he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh chakra is opened , locking it .
Denkova & Staviski are the first Bulgarian figure skaters to medal at the World Figure Skating Championships .
Olga later on weakened and finally died on December 6 .
The Austin City Limits Music Festival -LRB- ACL Festival -RRB- is an annual three-day American music festival that takes place in Austin , Texas at the city 's central public park , Zilker Park .
De Panne is a municipality located along the North Sea coast of the Belgian province of West Flanders .
K-9 and Company was a proposed television spin-off of the original program run of Doctor Who -LRB- 1963 â `` 1989 -RRB- .
The team had a continuous presence at the top of the professional peloton and continued to sign the emerging German cyclists of the times with Andreas KlÃ den in 1998 , JÃ rg Jaksche in 1999 , Matthias Kessler in 2000 and Stefan Schumacher in 2002 to name but a few .
However Eomaia is not a true placental mammal as it lacks some features that are specific to placentals .
Canettemont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Full code for individual ships .
The orbital elements are as of January 2000 .
The Photography Club and the Audio-Visual Group offer opportunities to develop a variety of skills , such as film editing , image recording , lighting , backdrop setting and sound engineering .
Within three months DÃ 1\/4 rer left for Italy .
The Supro Ozark 1560 S is a vintage electric guitar , employing a single pick-up near the bridge .
Gensac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The FBI was established in 1908 .
Restorationists do not usually describe themselves as `` reforming '' a Christian church continuously existing from the time of Jesus , but as restoring the Church that they believe was lost at some point .
Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Faleyras is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
They are also known as otemoto . This is what is usually printed on disposable chopsticks .
The Greco-Roman world , Greco-Roman culture , or the term Greco-Roman -LRB- or ; sometimes spelled Graeco-Roman in the United Kingdom and Commonwealth -RRB- , when used as an adjective , as understood by modern scholars and writers , refers to those geographical regions and countries who culturally -LRB- and so historically -RRB- were directly , protractedly and intimately influenced by the language , culture , government and religion of the ancient Greeks and Romans .
The OED notes that the word alcatraz was originally applied to the frigatebird ; the modification to albatross was perhaps influenced by Latin albus , meaning `` white '' , in contrast to frigatebirds which are black .
Originally , barcodes represented data by varying the widths and spacings of parallel lines , and may be referred to as linear or 1 dimensional -LRB- 1D -RRB- .
MartÃ n Chambi was born in a poor Quechua family . He was born in one of the poorest parts of Peru , at the end of the nineteenth century .
The Yehudi Menuhin School is a music school in Surrey , England .
Air New Zealand is a big passenger airline from Auckland , New Zealand . It flies mainly in Australasia and South Pacific , but it also has services to Europe , North America and Asia .
Esther Vergeer def .
In addition to lanterns , most elevators have a chime to indicate if the elevator is going up or down either before or after the doors open , usually in conjunction with the lanterns lighting up .
Tallari had an outstanding season in Manchester , finishing as the EIHL 's second highest goal scorer , managing 55 goals and 38 assists in 59 games .
The Presidents ' Trophy is an award presented by the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season . If two teams tie for the most points , then the trophy goes to the team with the most wins .
The Builder category has been in existence since the beginning of the Hall of Fame and the first builders were inducted in 1945 .
Cyrus often sang songs as Hannah Montana on\/off the show .
The belief is not orthodox , as the Church does not profess a belief as to what happens to unbaptized infants ; however , it is also not heresy , as the Church accepts that such a scenario might be possible .
The newton -LRB- symbol : N -RRB- is the SI derived unit of force , named after Isaac Newton in recognition of his work on classical mechanics .
Shinji Kobayashi -LRB- born 24 August 1960 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Though expert within Neo-Gothic , Renaissance revival , and Romanesque revival styles , Waterhouse never limited himself to a single architectural style .
The earliest known remains of Cro-Magnon-like humans are radiometrically dated to 35,000 years before present .
Chlamydia infection -LRB- from the Greek , Ï Î '' Î Î 1\/4 Ï Î Î Ï meaning `` cloak '' -RRB- is a common sexually transmitted infection -LRB- STI -RRB- in humans . It is caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis .
France has a close association with the Modern Olympic Games ; it was a French aristocrat , Baron Pierre de Coubertin , who suggested the Games ' revival , at the end of the 19th century .
Freenet is a decentralized , censorship-resistant distributed data store originally designed by Ian Clarke .
Troy Island Mell , of IGN , felt that the story `` would -LRB- not -RRB- be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters '' .
Wanting a university in his lands , for example for educating civil servants and pastors , Frederick founded the University of Wittenberg in 1502 .
The pie is usually made with white fish -LRB- for example cod , haddock or halibut -RRB- in a white or bÃ chamel sauce made using the milk the fish was poached in .
Although it was not the first commercial jet in service , the 707 was among the first to be commercially successful .
Its capital lies at the town of Zorgho .
He was promoted to captain in 1968 .
to spiral : size if : size -RRB- 30 -LRB- stop -RRB- ; an exit condition fd : size rt 15 ; many lines of action spiral : size \* 1.02 ; the tailend recursive call end
In the United Kingdom , the public followed Baden-Powell 's struggle to hold Mafeking through newspapers , and when the siege was broken , he had become a national hero .
The group is managed by Tsunku , who writes the words and melodies of the songs .
Once thriving with the Nile that flowed right into the Giza Plateau , the Pyramids of Giza were built overlooking the ancient Egyptian capital of Memphis , which was near modern day Cairo .
Georgi Markov was a Bulgarian dissident assassinated on Waterloo Bridge by agents of the Bulgarian secret police assisted by the KGB .
The Hurwicz Criterion is also called `` under uncertainty '' .
Winners are listed first , in bold .
Planzolles is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Rudolf `` Rudi '' SkÃ cel -LRB- pronounced Skatsel ; born 17 July 1979 -RRB- is a professional footballer who has been capped at international level by the Czech Republic , he is a left sided midfield player , currently with Heart of Midlothian .
This template allows the display of any monthly calendar -LRB- from 1970-2037 -RRB- .
Paul Stoddart stated that he would sell Minardi if he could find the right buyer .
The IPCC first assessment report was completed in 1990 , and used to make the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- UNFCCC -RRB- .
In the first phase of this period , almost every city between Troy and Gaza was violently destroyed , and often left unoccupied thereafter : examples include Hattusa , Mycenae , Ugarit .
Roger Charles Louis Guillemin -LRB- born January 11 , 1924 in Dijon , Bourgogne , France -RRB- received the National Medal of Science in 1976 , and the Nobel prize for medicine in 1977 for his work on neurohormones , sharing the prize that year with Andrew Schally and Rosalyn Sussman Yalow .
It was released in Dhaka , Chittagong , Narayanganj , and Khulna .
First units were ready and shipped to teams in mid-January for fitting 2 weeks prior to first track testing for the year .
If necessary one can apply sorting using a sortkey which due to CSS is not displayed : ... Javascript sorting is based on the text inside and outside the tags , without the tags themselves .
Due to , anonymous editing from your school , library , or educational institution 's IP address disabled .
If it is preheated then ignited , thermite can burn very fast , releasing a huge amount of heat and light .
The last PÃ re David 's Deer that remained in China were eaten in 1900 or 1901 by Western and Japanese troops during the suppression of the Boxer Rebellion .
It may also be prepared by thermal decomposition of barium nitrate .
Filippa Desiree Amanda Cay Reinfeldt -LRB- nÃ e Holmberg , born June 14 , 1967 in Stockholm -RRB- is a Swedish Moderate Party politician .
The Class 112 and Class 113 DMUs utilised the standard Cravens body used on Class 105s but had a single Rolls-Royce engine rated at 238 h per car , all of which formed into ` power twins ' - two car sets with both vehicles powered .
Melissa Etheridge contributed wrote the movie 's three songs .
There are other kinds of diabetes , like diabetes insipidus . However , when people say `` diabetes '' , they usually mean diabetes mellitus .
Like barium chloride , it dissolves well in water and is toxic in aqueous solution .
Robert M. Hazen reports upon experiments conducted in which various chiral crystal surfaces act as sites for possible concentration and assembly of chiral monomer units into macromolecules .
Its county seat is Lawton .
Dromaeosaurus makes an appearance in Jurassic Fight Club , where a pack is shown being capable of taking down Edmontosaurus in spite of the carnivores ' small size , but the carcass is later taken by a Tyrannosaurus -LRB- despite the tyrannosaur not being contemporaneous with Dromaeosaurus -RRB- .
Sometimes , a ceremony may only be performed by a person with certain authority .
It was either contemporary with , or built around four or five centuries after the earthworks .
Seeing that Pompey 's army was not advancing , Caesar 's men , without orders , stopped to rest and regroup before continuing the charge .
In an interview , PokÃ mon Diamond and Pearl director Junichi Masuda noted Lucario 's name as one of the most difficult to create , due to an effort to make it appealing to both Japanese and American audiences .
During his last 3 hours on the cross , from noon to 3 p.m. , darkness falls over the whole land .
Hera wakes up while breastfeeding and then realizes she is nursing an unknown baby : she pushes the baby away and a jet of her milk sprays the night sky , producing the faint band of light known as the Milky Way .
Mirza and her doubles partner Chia-jung Chuang of Chinese Taipei made the semifinals of the doubles event .
Helene transitioned into a `` hybrid '' storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon , with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric , frontal-like appearance .
Despite the clerical origin of many of its authors , medieval Latin should not be confused with Ecclesiastical Latin .
Marklohe is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde -LRB- `` collective municipality '' -RRB- Marklohe .
In Major League Baseball , the American League Championship Series -LRB- ALCS -RRB- , played in October , is a round in the postseason that determines the winner of the American League pennant .
Old Kingdom is the name given to the period in the 3rd millennium BCE when Egypt attained its first continuous peak of civilization in complexity and achievement â `` the first of three so-called `` Kingdom '' periods , which mark the high points of civilization in the lower Nile Valley -LRB- the others being Middle Kingdom and the New Kingdom -RRB- .
Di Resta switched to the Formula Three Euroseries with Manor Motorsport in 2005 , finishing tenth in the standings .
Wells also added Carol Flint , Alexa Junge , Peter Noah and John Sacret Young as consulting producers .
Eastman and Kotik played together in the early to mid 1970s .
There are only four types of messages that a user should not remove : declined unblock requests while the block is still in effect , confirmed sockpuppetry notices , miscellany for deletion tags -LRB- while the discussion is still in progress -RRB- and shared IP header templates for unregistered editors .
Burnham Grammar School -LRB- BGS -RRB- is a children 's grammar school in Burnham , Buckinghamshire .
Skull length is 13.9-14 .5 cm in males and 13 cm for females .
Frederick Aaron Savage -LRB- born July 9 , 1976 -RRB- is an Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award-nominated American actor and television director .
Louis XVI -LRB- 23 August 1754 â `` 21 January 1793 -RRB- ruled as King of France and Navarre from 1774 until 1791 , and then as King of the French from 1791 to 1792 .
A later episode , titled `` Out of Gas '' , reveals that Mal bought the spaceship Serenity to continue living beyond Alliance control .
Real 's home is the 80,354-person-capacity Santiago BernabÃ u football stadium in Madrid , where it has played since 1947 .
In colonial times , Lake Champlain provided an easily traversed water -LRB- or , in winter , ice -RRB- passage between the Saint Lawrence and the Hudson Valleys .
In the context of human pregnancies , an abortion induced to preserve the health of the gravida -LRB- pregnant female -RRB- is termed a therapeutic abortion , while an abortion induced for any other reason is termed an elective abortion .
The User Datagram Protocol -LRB- UDP -RRB- is one of the core members of the Internet Protocol Suite , the set of network protocols used for the Internet .
Coming out from a night club , the Portside of Cuba , she was tracked by the city video cameras part of her way .
It was released in early July 2009 as an iTunes exclusive EP .
Hiroyuki Taniguchi è å # å ä -LRB- born June 27 , 1985 in Yokosuka , Kanagawa , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Cairns Army Airfield is located to the south of Daleville on the road to nearly Clayhatchee .
Isaac Norris , speaker of the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly , ordered the colony 's London agent , Robert Charles , to get a `` good Bell of about two thousands pound weight '' .
However , an almost identical spot emerged in Neptune 's northern hemisphere .
There are numerous island species .
By January 2008 , their respective version market share stood at 43 % IE7 , 32 % IE6 , 16 % FF2 , 4 % Safari 3 and both FF1 .
The 1954 tournament was not sponsored and was unsanctioned by the BCA ; in its absence being organized by Irving Crane .
Bonningues-l Ã s-Ardres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There are also significant differences in life expectancy between men and women in most countries , with women typically outliving men by around five years .
It is also used to refer a classification of things or concepts , as well as to the principles underlying such a classification .
Investments are also usually not considered gambling , although some investments can involve significant risk . Examples of investments include stocks , bonds and real estate .
`` Honey to the Bee '' is a single by Billie Piper released in 1999 .
Louis Chevrolet was born in Switzerland .
It goes through mostly rural areas , and is usually used as a shortcut from U.S. Route 9 -LRB- US 9 -RRB- to New York State Route 9G .
The Arsenal was almost closed in 1949 when it was no longer needed , but it saw new life when Major General Holger Toftoy with support from Senator John Sparkman convinced the U.S. Army to choose Huntsville as the location for its missile research program .
In the late summer of 1942 , tens of thousands of Serbian villagers were deported to Jasenovac from the Kozara mountain area -LRB- in Bosnia -RRB- where NDH forces were fighting against the Yugoslav Partisans .
The movement took its name from the Latin form Jacobus of the name of King James II and VII .
They helped people from poor localities resolve problems with housing , unemployment or debts by means of social counselling and assistance .
The previous record was from 1997 and was 18 seconds .
Some members of this group nest colonially in trees ; others , notably the bitterns , use reedbeds .
Carlos Alberto TÃ vez -LRB- born Carlos Alberto MartÃ nez on 5 February 1984 -RRB- is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for English club Manchester City and is currently the team 's captain .
The islands were also historically known as the `` Spice Islands '' by the Chinese and Europeans , but this term has also been applied to other islands outside Indonesia .
Normal faults occur mainly in areas where the crust is being extended .
Norwood Junction train station is the station which serves most of South Norwood , to Central London .
The closest relative of Sinhala is the language of the Maldives and Minicoy Island -LRB- India -RRB- , Dhivehi .
Following the Age of Discovery , through missionary work and colonization , Christianity spread to the Americas and the rest of the world .
The magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets .
According to many Indian schools of philosophy , a tattva is an element or aspect of reality conceived as an aspect of deity .
It is the home of the Peoria Rivermen ice hockey team .
It remains unclear as to whether or not the Lloyds logo will appear on the cars .
The Michigan Daily is the daily student newspaper of the University of Michigan .
He first sang at La Scala in the same year as the Chevalier danois in Gluck 's Armide .
For the performance Robinson earned the Most Valuable Player award for the National League .
Later in the evening as they camp for the night , Deianeira tells her a story that she is the daughter of a King .
Grant Field was occasionally used as a site for Atlanta Falcons games during the team 's early years when it was sharing Fulton County Stadium with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball .
Jakten pÃ Billie Jo was a Swedish reality show first broadcast on August 4 , 2000 on TV4 .
L'Abergement-Cl Ã menciat is a commune . It is found in the region RhÃ ne-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France .
In geometry the Parallel postulate is one of the axioms of Euclidean geometry .
The song peaked at number six on the Billboard alternative rock chart , making it the band 's second top 10 single -LRB- the first being previous single `` Prayer of the Refugee '' -RRB- and highest charting single from the album .
Mesbrecourt-Richecourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The DIA and DIC provide military intelligence to warfighters , defense policymakers and force planners within the Department of Defense and the United States Intelligence Community , in support of U.S. military planning and operations and weapon systems acquisition .
Local administration of the district today is overseen by a Stewartry Area Manager , based in the county town of Kirkcudbright .
StÃ phane Houdet and Stefan Olsson were the defending champions , but lost in the first round to eventual champions Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink .
It broke out in the when the British military forces had first occupied the city during the American Revolutionary War .
The biggest loser in the second round was JankoviÄ as she lost to Peng in straight sets .
He earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28-page dissertation on non-cooperative games .
The Duchy had been ruled between 1731 and 1736 by his elder brother Charles I , but exchanged with Austria for The Two Sicilies after the War of Polish Succession .
Tommy Roe -LRB- born Thomas David Roe , 9 May 1942 , Atlanta , Georgia , United States -RRB- is a pop music singer-songwriter .
The fifteen permanent judges are elected from a list of persons nominated by the national groups in the Permanent Court of Arbitration .
The fact that other year articles may include events which break this set of guidelines is not a valid reason to do so for another event .
Lussac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The circuit can be used in three configurations ; the full circuit , the `` Suzuka East '' and `` Suzuka West '' configuration .
Common names include honeyvine , honeyvine milkweed , bluevine milkweed , climbing milkweed , and smooth swallow-wort .
Aldo Gucci grew into new markets , such as an agreement with American Motors Corporation -LRB- AMC -RRB- , so that in 1972 AMC Hornet small `` Sportabout '' car became one of the first American cars to give a special luxury made by a famous fashion designer .
Orchard Road has the Istana at the southern end of the road , which is the official house for the President of Singapore .
However , caffeine and sugar are present in amounts known to cause a variety of adverse health effects . ''
Karim Benzema -LRB- born 19 December 1987 -RRB- is a French football player . He plays for Real Madrid and France national team .
Aside from having the world 's largest fan club , the group was also listed as the most photographed celebrities in the world .
Willie Brown -LRB- August 6 , 1900 - December 30 , 1952 -RRB- was an American guitarist and singer .
This article is about a list of retired Atlantic hurricane names .
He influenced to Armenian literature especially by his `` Life on the Old Roman Road '' autobiographical novel -LRB- 1930 , `` A piece of sky '' film by Henrik Malian -RRB- which `` reflect the society , culture , and mores not only of the Armenians of his childhood but also of their neighbors in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire '' .
The Intellivision is a video game console released by Mattel in 1979 .
After Bran leaves , Liadan has a vision of her Uncle Liam 's death ; a vision of Eamonn telling Aisling that she could not marry Sean and then her suicide .
If it is even , then the whole number is even .
His castmates included future girlfriend and pop superstar Britney Spears , future tourmate Christina Aguilera , and future bandmate JC Chasez .
A process for making smoother chocolate called conching was made in 1879 by Swiss Rodolphe and made it easier to bake with chocolate as it `` amalgamates smoothly and completely with cake batters . ''
The Tyndale Bible also played a key role in spreading reformation ideas to England which had been reluctant to embrace the movement .
Gaius Galerius Valerius Maximianus -LRB- c. 260 - April or May 311 -RRB- , commonly known as Galerius , was Roman Emperor from 305 to 311 .
To honor the fact that he was entering his eightieth year , one of the greatest tributes to a living writer was held .
The Genevois -LRB- people of Geneva -RRB- joke that the federal equivalent holiday , Jeune fÃ dÃ ral , is celebrated two weeks later on account of the rest of the country being a bit slow on the uptake .
Karl Wilhelm Ohnesorge -LRB- 8 June 1872 - 1 February 1962 -RRB- was a German politician in the Third Reich who sat in Hitler 's cabinet .
The Brazilian Grand Prix is a Formula One championship race which occurs at the AutÃ dromo JosÃ Carlos Pace in Interlagos , a district in the city of SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil .
In 1966 , Colin Chapman -LRB- Lotus Cars founder and principal of Team Lotus -RRB- persuaded Ford to bankroll Keith Duckworth 's design for a new lightweight 3000 c Formula One engine .
Templates are available for other identification number types to be used in the ID field -LRB- , , , etc. -RRB- if these are n't available .
It lists websites along with information about their content .
The complex was protected by approximately four metres of concrete , and about 30 small rooms were distributed over two levels with exits into the main buildings and an emergency exit into the gardens .
The ancestor of modern humans -LRB- Homo sapiens sapiens -RRB- who appeared around 50,000 years ago was more developed and could make thinner flake tools and blade-like tools using a variety of stones .
Ibrahim told reporters , `` We oppose them coming because the Chinese are not interested in human rights .
Arpin is a village of Wood County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States .
The last alteration to the current flag occurred in 2004 when the aspect ratio changed from 1:2 to 3:5 .
It can run from an optical disc drive without using a hard disk .
In the season 's beginning , protagonist Aang and his friends Sokka , Katara , and Toph are traveling through the Fire Nation , conjuring a plan for invading the Fire Nation and looking for a teacher to teach Aang Firebending .
The official opening ceremony for the line took place at Victoria station on March 7 1969 . Queen Elizabeth II unveiled a commemorative plaque on the station concourse .
Smith , Rachel , Yogi , and Boo Boo plan to stop the sale of Jellystone . They learn that Boo Boo 's pet turtle is a rare species , which means that the Park can not be destroyed with the turtle there .
Following that , the two concluded their rivalry at Vengeance where Batista scored the third and final win over his former mentor inside Hell in a Cell .
Magnetic fields give power to other particles that come in contact with the magnetic field . In physics , the magnetic field is a field that permeates space and which exerts a magnetic force on moving electric charges and magnetic dipoles .
Music video was produced for the song , which features a teenage boy , wearing a Slayer t-shirt , watching a montage of a live Megadeth performance and war footage on his living room television set .
Haley Barbour -LRB- born October 22 , 1947 -RRB- is an American Republican politician currently serving as the 63rd Governor of Mississippi .
The 1972 Stock was ordered to make up the shortfall in trains on the Northern line 's 1959 Tube Stock fleet .
Frederick William was born in Potsdam in 1770 as the son of Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt .
It is Adams 's only Australian # 1 single not written for a motion picture , and also reached # 7 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 .
Esquay-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
After a series of defeats , he and what was left of the Frisian army were captured in 1523 and taken to the city of Leeuwarden in Frisia .
The first ear of the fair was for Alfredo Leal .
Alejandro Celestino Toledo Manrique -LRB- born 28 March 1946 -RRB- is a Peruvian politician who was President of Peru from 2001 to 2006 .
Bismuth compounds are chemical compounds that have bismuth ions in them .
The solar eclipse of August 11 , 1999 , in Europe helped to increase public awareness of the phenomenon , which apparently led to an unusually large number of journeys made specifically to witness the annular solar eclipse of October 3 , 2005 , and of March 29 , 2006 .
The most common configuration is to have two panels that meet in the middle , and slide open laterally .
Chester once had a crier , a day bellman and a night bellman but in 1734 , John Posnitt took over as ` Day and Night Bellman ' .
Punk has lent this stringent DIY ethic to the indie rock that surfaced in the early 1990s underground .
When it matures , the Red-crowned Crane is snow white with a patch of red skin on its head .
The latinized form Smolandia has been used in other languages .
In this context , it is important to note that Chancellor Angela Merkel had been severely criticized for a lack of emotional warmth during the 2005 federal election campaign .
Grocon Pty Ltd is a large Australian construction company based in Melbourne , Australia .
He constructed many beautiful buildings in Turin , for instance the Palazzo Reale .
The original text of Schubert 's song is from Sir Walter Scott 's The Lady of the Lake and was translated into German by Adam Storck ; it opens with the greeting `` Ave Maria '' -LRB- `` Hail Mary '' -RRB- , but is not a setting of the traditional Ave Maria prayer .
The SchlÃ fli symbol of the hexadecachoron is .
It was to be awarded to the goaltender of the team who allowed the fewest goals during the regular season .
Along with the BBC 's other domestic television stations , and many European broadcasters -LRB- and some in Asia -RRB- , it is funded principally by the television licence fee , and therefore shows uninterrupted programming with no commercial advertising at any time .
Compared with most other classes of natural compounds , alkaloids are characterized by a great structural diversity and there is no uniform classification of alkaloids .
He directed much of his attention to ambitious construction projects and luxurious dwellings for himself .
It remains the only public monument to Jasenovac victims outside of the Balkans .
Bell , who was Balukas ' best friend on the women 's tour , had never beaten Balukas but had been playing very strongly in the tournament .
In March 1965 Sydney radio stations started playing a song from his record , Australian Broadside .
Jonas Lars BjÃ rkman -LRB- ; born 23 March 1972 , Alvesta , Sweden -RRB- is a former World Number 4 Swedish professional tennis player . He is also a former World No. 1 in doubles .
Outside of law , the term rape -LRB- `` an assault by a person involving sexual intercourse with another person without that person 's consent '' -RRB- is often used interchangeably with sexual assault , a closely related -LRB- but in most jurisdictions technically distinct -RRB- form of assault typically including rape and other forms of non-consensual sexual activity .
In New Zealand , Australia and South Africa the apparatus is known as a coffee plunger , and coffee brewed in it as plunger coffee .
The earliest ones were released by Dark Horse Comics and written by Ian Edginton and John Wagner .
Try to tune out the difficult users and , instead , always remember the millions of other people who are helping to improve Wikipedia .
On 22 May 2005 , as predicted , the SPD received a devastating defeat in its former heartland , North Rhine-Westphalia .
As a result , it was forecast to attain winds of 45 mph -LRB- 75 km\/h -RRB- and move ashore along southern Mississippi .
The show was created by Steven Bochco and David Milch and inspired by Milch 's relationship with Bill Clark , a former member of the New York City Police Department who eventually became one of the show 's producers .
Its county seat is Lake City , Florida .
In hockey , Baluik played from 1954 to 1964 in the Ontario Hockey Association , Quebec Hockey League , Western Hockey League , American Hockey League , and National Hockey League .
The Rock Dormouse -LRB- Graphiurus platyops -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family .
Many species build roost nests .
Troma 's and Fox 's rights to this version expired in 2004 .
Wilmington served as the head of government from 1742 until his death in 1743 , but was a leader in name only .
The term may alternately refer to act of verbally bringing up past grievances -LRB- i.e. dumping the contents of the sack -RRB- during the process of trying to resolve some present problem in a relationship .
He has been teaching for over 30 years . He travels widely in Europe , America , Australia and Asia .
Maysville is a city in Scott County , Iowa , United States .
It is found in Surinam , and westward through Guyana , Venezuela and Bolivia .
They may also view a log of such requests .
A simple template to be used in various to-do lists for easier organization of solved and unsolved issues .
He also had numerous shrines within the cities of Abydos , Hesert , Urit , Per-Ab , Rekhui , Ta-ur , Sep , Hat , Pselket , Talmsis , Antcha-Mutet , Bah , Amen-heri-ab , and Ta-kens .
Between 1992 and 2001 , two different numbers were given to subtropical depressions or subtropical storms , one for public use , the other one for NRL and NHC reference . For example , Hurricane Karen in 2001 was initially known as Subtropical Storm One as well as AL1301 -LRB- or 13L for short -RRB- .
The nearest tube station is also called Oval but you can get to the place easily from Vauxhall station .
Simlish is spoken by Sims , the characters in The Sims , The Sims 2 and The Sims 3 .
Reformed doctrine is expressed in various confessions .
Cold fronts may feature narrow bands of thunderstorms and severe weather , and may on occasion be preceded by squall lines or dry lines .
The art of engraving gems hardly advanced at all , limiting itself to mass-produced items that lacked originality .
The behavior has been used to explain theories of how social behavior developed in insects .
However , `` swinging '' in the sense of hip or fashionable , had been used since the early 1960s .
Arnold spent several months recovering from his injuries .
Pellet are small particles typically created by compressing an original material .
As of 2009 these are the only known Fermat primes .
On 25 March 1891 , Notts County reached the FA Cup final for the first time .
The city of Veracruz is an important port city on the Gulf of Mexico in the Mexican state of Veracruz .
Furthermore , the Hebrew word for `` kill '' is '' '' ' '' - `` harog '' , while the Hebrew word for `` murder '' is '' -- '' - `` retzach '' , which is found in the Ten Commandments '' -- '' - `` lo tirtzach '' .
`` All Good Things -LRB- Come to an End -RRB- '' is a pop song written by singer Nelly Furtado , Timbaland , Danja and Chris Martin for Furtado 's third album , Loose -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
In special relativity , Maxwell 's equations for the vacuum are written in terms of four-vectors and tensors in the `` manifestly covariant '' form . This has been done to show more clearly the fact that Maxwell 's equations -LRB- in vacuum -RRB- take the same form in any inertial coordinate system .
Dramatic and romantic content characterized the central themes of his maturity , and led him not to the classical models of Greek and Roman art , but to travel in North Africa , in search of the exotic .
This strip , with only minor variations , was worn until just before the start of the Second World War .
The animal can withdraw completely into its shell . It can the close the opening with a leathery hood formed from two specially folded tentacles .
According to Legends of Hockey , `` he topped the league in goal scoring three times and was its most penalized player twice . ''
Vieques -LRB- ; viË Ë eÉ kÉ s -RRB- , in full Isla de Vieques , is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico in the northeastern Caribbean , part of an island grouping sometimes known as the Spanish Virgin Islands .
While many photographers tried to emphasize her sexy image , Greene presented her in more modest poses , and she was pleased with his work .
When necessary , the Holy See will enter a treaty on behalf of the Vatican City .
The Jackson family then moved to Rochester , New York , where Shirley attended Brighton High School and graduated in 1934 .
The official address of the resort is 1313 South Harbor Boulevard .
Lee argued that Nair 's counterclaim disclosed no reasonable cause of action and constituted an inflammatory attack on the integrity of the government of Singapore .
Bridget Jane Fonda -LRB- born 27 January 1964 -RRB- is an American actress .
He was born 7 November 1988 . He is better known by his stage name Tinie Tempah .
Archery has historically been used for hunting and combat ; in modern times , however , its main use is that of a recreational activity .
Lenzburg was conquered by Bern in 1415 , along with the western part of current Aargau , though Bern did not take away its city rights .
Year 1446 was a common year . It started on a Saturday .
An agnatic relative of William III , John William Friso of Nassau , who also by female line descended from William the Silent , was designated the heir to the princes of Orange in the Netherlands by the last will of William III .
Malden is a suburban city in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
In the International Phonetic Alphabet , `` global '' rising and falling intonation are marked with a diagonal arrow rising left-to-right -LRB- â -- -RRB- and falling left-to-right -LRB- â -RRB- , respectively .
It was released in the United States and the United Kingdom on May 1 , 2007 .
Finally , in 1910 , the design was modified , changing the vertical stripes into the horizontal band of navy-blue color over a white jersey , which has been used ever since .
According to Jewish law , when Jewish children reach 13 years of age for boys and 12 years of age for girls , they become responsible for their actions , and `` become a Bar or Bat Mitzvah '' -LRB- English : Son -LRB- Bar -RRB- or Daughter -LRB- Bat -RRB- of the commandment -RRB- . In many Conservative and Reform synagogues , girls celebrate becoming a Bat Mitzvah at age 12 , along with boys at 13 .
Karolina Richter , child of musician C.J. Richter , was educated at Dramatens elevskola in Stockholm between 1806 and 1809 , under the principal Sofia Lovisa GrÃ Ã .
Roh Tae-woo -LRB- born December 4 , 1932 in Daegu , South Korea -RRB- , is the sixth President of South Korea -LRB- 1988 â `` 1993 -RRB- .
The length of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal length of the scales .
There was a church on the site by 1066 and work on the present structure began in the early 13th century , but little remains from that period .
According to the 2009 Crime Rate Index , Warne got a personal crime risk score of 23 .
If the applied voltage is large enough , the liquid crystal molecules in the center of the layer are almost completely untwisted and the polarization of the incident light is not rotated as it passes through the liquid crystal layer .
Nearly all of these minorities fled West Punjab for India , to be replaced by large numbers of Muslims leaving in the opposite direction .
CSUN belongs to the California State University system .
After graduating in 1956 , he studied on an Italian government scholarship for a year with Goffredo Petrassi in Rome before working as Director of Music at Cirencester Grammar School from 1959 to 1962 .
Ryo Kushino is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
The numerous specimens of this genus , including nearly complete skeletons from two well-known bonebeds , have allowed researchers to make informed hypotheses regarding many aspects of the living animal , including feeding , movement , and social behavior .
The thickness can vary from 2000 metres -LRB- Deccan Traps -RRB- to 12,000 m -LRB- Lake Superior -RRB- .
Administratively , the Visayas is divided into 3 regions , namely Western Visayas , Central Visayas and Eastern Visayas .
The refinement of molding techniques made it possible to create true miniature statues , with a high level of detail .
Mystery plays and Miracle plays -LRB- which are two different things -RRB- are among the earliest formally developed plays in medieval Europe .
Balukas has more U.S. Open wins than any other player , male or female , the runner up for the men being Steve Mizerak with four .
A machine fills cups with margarine . For the example , the machine is adjusted so that the content of the cups is 250 g of margarine .
Triple H won the match after pinning RVD following a Pedigree .
The Free Hanseatic City of Bremen -LRB- German : Freie Hansestadt Bremen , -RRB- is the smallest of Germany 's 16 states .
Her favorite brother Aung San Lin drowned in a pool accident when Suu Kyi was eight .
I am new here , and thus hesitate to comment , but I too have suffered from the lack of tone , gestures , facial expressions etc. .
However in 1993 , after much thinking and discussion with his father -LRB- a vicar -RRB- , he changed his mind . He decided that God gave him his talent in order for him to compete in athletics .
Rangel also founded the Mozambican Photography Association , serving as the organization 's first chairman .
The documentary is currently traveling the festival circuit , and has screened at , or is scheduled to screen at such venues as the San Francisco Documentary Film Festival , the 27th Atlantic Film Festival , BendFilm , the Laguna Beach Film Society\/Museum of Art , and the Oklahoma City Museum of Art .
Creighton played eleven games in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Falcons in 1931 , scoring one goal and receiving one minor penalty .
This template is not for providing links for ISBNs .
Piccio is an Italian surname .
The All-American Rejects are an American rock band formed in Stillwater , Oklahoma in 1999 .
Vulcans , or sometimes Vulcanians , are a fictional extraterrestrial humanoid species in the Star Trek universe who evolved on the planet Vulcan , and are noted for their attempt to live by reason and logic with no interference from emotion .
Her final standing in the tournament overall was 22nd , with 42 men trailing her in the rankings .
Of the northern and eastern towns , only Nuneaton and Rugby -LRB- as the birthplace of Rugby football -RRB- are well-known outside of Warwickshire .
This example implements horizontal group headings by assigning the headings to and and the links to and -RRB- , then using and to set the background color of the headings .
It is a very dark carbonaceous C-type , and the fourth-biggest of these .
It is said that their souls are together throughout time .
The IPC is responsible for organizing the Summer and Winter Paralympic Games .
Kicking Horse Pedestrian Bridge is the longest freestanding timber frame bridge in Canada .
m Midland formerly Jordan Grand Prix ; subsequently became Spyker F1 , then Force India .
Thus , the tag also helps clarify situations that might otherwise be ignored because some users thought the issue was resolved , when it was not .
Lucario 's main role in the anime is his appearance in the eighth PokÃ mon movie , PokÃ mon : Lucario and the Mystery of Mew .
Albstadt is a city in the district of Zollernalbkreis in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .
The Libraryâ s collections then consisted of those books donated by the literary societies and the depository collection .
Its readings were similar to those of Voyager 1 .
Monthenault is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It prevents word wraps -LRB- line breaks -RRB- within text or inside a link which contains spaces or hyphens -LRB- '' - '' -RRB- .
Shortly before attaining tropical storm status , the watch in Texas was upgraded to a tropical storm warning .
In the upcoming movie Allelujah and his lover Marie Parfacy pilot together Gundam Harute , which was created over Arios ' and GN Archer 's frame .
Agricultural potential is generally poor , due to the natural infertility of soils and because of the many swamps and lakes left by departing ice sheets , and short growing seasons allow only the hardiest of crops .
According to the Assize Roll of the 14th century , Burhou was a rabbit warren , and a refuge for fishermen .
Nautiluses are only found in the Indo-Pacific , from 30 Â N to 30 Â S latitude and 90 Â to 185 Â W longitude .
Initially they were numbered 11136-11176 and , later , D2550-D2619 .
Later , they merged -LRB- combined -RRB- into one tribe , which the players named `` Chuay Jai '' , made by mixing the names Chuay Gahn and Sook Jai .
In March 2008 , acting as `` Amara '' in Duas Caras , she learned that she had lung cancer . She was treated surgically by Dr. Drauzio Varella the following month on April 16 , 2008 .
Insolation -LRB- solar radiation -RRB- in the Mojave Desert is among the best available in the United States , and some significant population centers are located in the area .
Following that time , it housed only those of the Soviet sector .
Montcornet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
ATB -LRB- born as AndrÃ Tanneberger on February 26 , 1973 in Freiberg , Saxony , Germany -RRB- is a German DJ , musician , and producer of electronic dance music .
According to Rowling , Harry 's favorite book is Quidditch Through the Ages , an actual book that Rowling wrote -LRB- under the pseudonym Kennilworthy Whisp -RRB- for the Comic Relief charity .
Aucasaurus was a genus of medium-sized theropod dinosaur from Argentina that lived during the Santonian stage -LRB- Anacleto Formation -RRB- .
Around 830 the owner of the town started to build a great church , the Einhard-Basilika , and a monastery .
Pakistan is also an important member of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference -LRB- OIC -RRB- .
The Devil 's food cake is an old fashioned chocolate cake made of chocolate or cocoa and baking powder . It is moist , soft , rich , and very good for keeping .
Most heroin shipped from India are destined for Europe .
The South China Sea is a marginal sea that is part of the Pacific Ocean , encompassing an area from the Singapore and Malacca Straits to the Strait of Taiwan of around 3,500,000 kmÂ .
There are 419 communes in the Ain dÃ partement in France .
Elfingen is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
ParquÃ s is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture .
In 1896 , the library was the largest collection of books in the world .
Albert Fert -LRB- born 7 March 1938 in Carcassonne , Aude -RRB- is a French physicist and one of the discoverers of giant magnetoresistance which brought about a breakthrough in gigabyte hard disks .
Conductor : Konstantin Orbelyan , Jr. .
JosÃ Ignacio ZahÃ nos SÃ nchez -LRB- born December 1 , 1977 in Madrid -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer .
Egon Schiele -LRB- 12 June 1890 â `` 31 October 1918 -RRB- -LRB- , or SHEE-luh -RRB- was a painter from Austria .
Franchise-based companies that took over passenger rail services include :
Usually the string with the highest pitch -LRB- the thinnest -RRB- is called the first string , and the string having the lowest pitch -LRB- the thickest -RRB- is called the sixth .
The winning team is also awarded $ 350,000 in cash bonuses .
Branches from the Eastern lines -LRB- Burnley group -RRB- at Richmond station .
A second defense of vertebrates against viruses is called cell-mediated immunity and involves immune cells known as T cells .
The 2008 World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- Draft Lottery took place at the AT&T Center in San Antonio , Texas on June 23 , 2008 .
La princeto nulon respondis .
On 30 June 2006 it occulted TYC 6854-00630 .
His face is also notably darker than the rest of the Teletubbies .
In 1989 , Shines met a young , blues player called Kent Duchaine , and the two of them played together for the next several years until Shines died .
Previous studies had shown that the amount of curvature in a claw corresponded to what lifestyle the animal has : animals with strongly curved claws of a certain shape tend to be climbers , while straighter claws indicate ground-dwelling lifestyles .
Litteau is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The track surface was paved with 3.2 million paving bricks .
ChÃ ry-l Ã s-Rozoy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is situated in the northern Black Forest , 15 km east of Baden-Baden , and 22 km southwest of Pforzheim .
Hemishofen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
A GPS receiver can calculate its position many times in one second .
The Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park in Olmedilla de AlarcÃ n , Spain , is the worldâ s largest photovoltaic plant .
However , the average speed and is much higher .
Later , the inventor created a set of `` marks '' on the Ln scale to extend the range beyond the 2.3 limit , but Pickett never incorporated these marks on any of its slide rules .
Happy Tree Friends is a Flash cartoon series by Mondo Mini Shows , created and developed by Aubrey Ankrum , Rhode Montijo , Kenn Navarro and Warren Graff .
Another was Louis Auguste de Bourbon , Duke of Maine , eldest son of Louis XIV and Madame de Montespan .
In others it follows a skew path forming a helico-spiral pattern .
It has swimming beaches all around the island , as well as an impressive bird sanctuary .
Gilbert 's Potoroo -LRB- Potorous gilbertii -RRB- is an Australian marsupial , sometimes called a rat-kangaroo , that is critically endangered .
A sequel to Wild Horse Rescue was released on October 26 , 2008 . It was titled `` Barbie Horse Adventures : Riding Camp '' .
This applies particularly to the last Commonwealth King StanisÅ aw August Poniatowski , who for some time had been a lover of Russian Empress Catherine the Great .
If a given article has been tagged and the tagging editor does n't ensure that corresponding article talk relative to the tag is n't either already available or added within a short amount of time -LRB- ie : no more than 24 hours -RRB- then fellow editors are within their rights to remove the tag or alternatively , add talk in support of its use .
The Cardinals were founded in 1898 , and are the oldest continuously run professional American football club in the United States .
For the next several years , she devoted herself exclusively to lieder recitals .
Windows NT is a family of operating systems produced by Microsoft , the first version of which was released in July 1993 .
Its name is Latin for ` eagle ' and it is commonly represented as such .
Despite this change in his explanatory model , Freud always recognized that some neurotics had in fact been sexually abused by their fathers .
Cherubini 's Requiem in C-minor -LRB- 1816 -RRB- , commemorating the anniversary of the execution of King Louis XVI of France , was a huge success .
Once a coastal city near the mouth of the then Euphrates river on the Persian Gulf , Ur is now well inland , south of the Euphrates on its right bank , 16 k from Nasiriyah , Iraq .
As the DC motor starts to turn , the interaction of the magnetic fields inside causes it to generate a voltage internally .
Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea , North Yorkshire , England ; and it is in the Redcar and Cleveland Local Education Authority .
Four future popes took part in the council 's opening session : Cardinal Giovanni Battista Montini , who on succeeding Pope John XXIII took the name of Paul VI ; Bishop Albino Luciani , the future Pope John Paul I ; Bishop Karol WojtyÅ a , who became Pope John Paul II . Father Joseph Ratzinger , who was only 35 at the time , was there as a theological consultant .
In honor of the first professional athlete to come from Chicoutimi , the city renamed their hockey arena the Centre Georges-V Ã zina in 1965 .
After the fall of Soviet Union , he has been able to make two more short films , Life -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and The End -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
Ouendan , sometimes referred to as simply Ouendan , is a rhythm video game developed by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console in 2005 , for release only in Japan .
Fuel and rental cars were in short supply and many forms of public transportation had been shut down well before the storm arrived .
Anandapur comprises two villages : the riverside village of Anandapur and Serka Zong , which is in the foothills of the Himalayan Mountains .
Ueno Station should not be confused with the nearby Keisei-Ueno Station , the Tokyo terminus of the Keisei Main Line to Narita Airport Station .
On `` Black Monday '' , 6 February 1886 , there was a major demonstration about unemployment and it led to a riot in Pall Mall .
She had twin obelisks , at the time the tallest in the world , erected at the entrance to the temple .
Double-flats and double-sharps are used in music as accidentals , but they are never placed in the key signature -LRB- in music that uses equal temperament -RRB- , because it would make reading the key signature very difficult .
British commandos are royal marines commandos
The trunk is the most important part of the tree for timber production .
Epidemiologists employ a range of study designs from the observational to experimental and generally categorized as descriptive , analytic -LRB- aiming to further examine known associations or hypothesized relationships -RRB- , and experimental -LRB- a term often equated with clinical or community trials of treatments and other interventions -RRB- .
Colonel Biddulph -LRB- Tribes of the Hindoo Koosh -RRB- was amongst the first westerners to study Khowar and claimed that further research would prove Khowar to be equally derived from Zend -LRB- Avestan , Old Persian -RRB- and Sanskrit .
Gouvix is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Satyagraha theory also influenced Martin Luther King , Jr. during the campaigns he led during the civil rights movement in the United States :
About half of the vocabulary is borrowed from Italian and Sicilian , and English words make up as much as 20 % of the Maltese vocabulary .
He was killed in 21 June , 1992 in the Tonashen village of Martakert region of Nagorno-Karabakh .
The region is dominated by the native speakers of Cebuano .
Cheese has calcium , protein , and phosphorus .
A tropical cyclone forecast model is a computer program that uses meteorological data to forecast aspects of the future state of tropical cyclones .
Many people think it is for young drivers , but adults are also very active in karting .
The dates show that the last of the megafauna became extinct around the same time , about 47,000 years ago . This was the time in which humans first arrived in Australia .
In general , a targeting construct made out of DNA is generated in bacteria .
The series ends with Aang and Katara kissing .
Sean , Liadan 's brother and heir to Sevenwaters , wants to purchase the Painted Man 's fighting force in their long battle for the sacred islands .
Dizygotic twins were always two zygotes .
The exploration of Neptune has only begun with one explorer , Voyager 2 , which visited on August 25 , 1989 .
Richard Bruce `` Dick '' Cheney -LRB- born January 30 , 1941 -RRB- is the former Vice President of the United States of America .
Gilberto Alves , nicknamed Gil -LRB- born December 24 , 1950 in Nova Lima -RRB- , was a footballer from Brazil .
To the north-east of Keymer can be found Oldland Mill dating from the 17th Century .
It contrasts with secretion , where the substance may have specific tasks after leaving the cell .
LÄ `` gatne is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1993 .
The Bionicle story continues after Mata Nui was banished from his body by Makuta Teridax , onto a planet called Bara Magna .
Fumitake Miura -LRB- born 12 August 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
After post-race comments made by Hamilton which suggested he had been forced into a supporting role , the FIA initiated an inquiry to determine whether McLaren had broken rules by enforcing team orders .
He trained as an electrician and gained employment at the South of Scotland Electricity Board before launching his football career in the 1960s with Junior League team Ashfield .
Atheism has sometimes been defined to include the simple absence of belief that any deities exist .
The Eleventh Circuit reversed the district court 's ruling .
Yutaka Ikeuchi -LRB- born August 25 , 1961 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Wivenhoe is a town near Colchester , in Essex , England .
It was revealed that the Purple Rock tiebreaker -LRB- that generated much controversy in Marquesas -RRB- would not commence and a tie-breaker challenge similar to Ulong 's would take place .
Fluxbox can show some eye candy : colors , gradients , borders , and several other basic appearance attributes can be specified .
To strengthen his position against the opposition in the DÃ il and Seanad , de Valera called a snap election in January 1933 and won 77 seats , giving him an overall majority .
The element was first produced in 1950 by bombarding curium with alpha particles -LRB- helium ions -RRB- at the University of California , Berkeley .
24.84 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
The Sandbox Team is said to have `` taken this existing process boundary and made it into a jail '' ; for example malicious software running in one tab is unable to sniff credit card numbers , interact with the mouse or tell `` Windows to run an executable on start-up '' and will be terminated when the tab is closed .
He died of pneumonia in Belleville , only days short of turning 94 , and was buried in the Belleville Cemetery .
The first land for houses in the town were sold in 1840 .
The Detroit News is one of the two major newspapers in the U.S. city of Detroit , Michigan .
A regular octagon has all eight sides the same length and each side is 135 Â and all the angles added together equals 1080 Â .
Puisieux-et-Clanlieu is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
In Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- , a similar list called the disabled list is used .
Graham 's number , named after Ronald Graham , is a large number that is an upper bound on the solution to a certain problem in Ramsey theory .
Caneyville is a city of Grayson County in the state of Kentucky , United States .
jpg thumb -LRB- 800x533 -RRB- px right Joanna Newsom -RRB- -RRB- Joanna Newsom is an indie singer and a harpist . She was born in Nevada City , California in 1982 .
As instance templates should be able to decide , using their input , whether or not to apply , this should usually be set to , which defaults to non-small but allows small to be specified .
There are two common versions of Windows XP . Windows XP Home Edition is a version made for home users .
The primary authors were Bruce Perens and several other Debian developers at the time .
Portraits of Anandapur 's royal family , the Maharajah and his wife , can be found in most of the businesses within the two villages , and a map of the kingdom , featuring both villages and their location relative to the mountains and river can be found on the wall of the Disney Vacation Club kiosk located there .
Howell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Missouri .
Several of his novels were published posthumously .
Victor Amadeus left a considerable cultural influence in Turin remodelling the Royal Palace of Turin , Palace of Venaria , Palazzina di caccia of Stupinigi as well as building the Basilica of Superga where he rests .
They had to explain their faith before a panel of three clergymen , including issues which were then debated within the Church , as the universal priesthood , the gospel in the vulgar tongue , and the issue of self-imposed poverty .
Stowe mentioned a number of the inspirations and sources for her novel in A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin -LRB- 1853 -RRB- .
about the increasing industrial competition which the United States was facing from Japan .
Modena is a city in Northern Italy .
The larger town is equipped with a high school and middle school , while the surrounding towns have elementary schools as well , but no secondary schools .
Mathew Turner born 18 January 1988 in Cape Town , South Africa is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
The award is shared with Former U.S. Vice-President Al Gore for his work on climate change and the documentary An Inconvenient Truth .
Princeton University is a private university that is in Princeton , New Jersey in the United States .
With just a few laps to go , Patrese retired with a broken oil cooler .
At the end of Frankenstein 's narrative , Captain Walton resumes the telling of the story . A few days after Frankenstein has finished his story , the ship becomes entombed in ice and Walton 's crew insist on returning South once the ship is freed .
He was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft .
It was U-shaped -LRB- hence its name -RRB- and comfortably carried by a shoulder strap attached at the mouthpiece and bell .
Grigoris Georgatos -LRB- born 31 October 1972 -RRB- is a former Greek football player .
The Postal Reorganization Act was signed by President Richard Nixon on August 12 , 1970 . It replaced the cabinet-level Post Office Department with the independent Postal Service on July 1 , 1971 .
The award was founded by Thomas Disch with assistance from David G. Hartwell , Paul S. Williams , and Charles N. Brown .
The boron group is the series of elements in group 13 -LRB- IUPAC style -RRB- in the periodic table .
Joseph Boleslaw Szura -LRB- December 18 , 1938 â `` October 13 , 2006 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 90 games in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals and 115 games in the World Hockey Association for the Los Angeles Sharks and Houston Aeros .
Supporters of visiting teams are allocated part of the South Stand .
A hookup -LRB- colloquial American English -RRB- is casual sex activity that could consist of manual stimulation , oral sex , or sexual intercourse .
Backwell is a suburban village and civil parish in Somerset , England .
While the northern hemisphere continent Laurasia moved further north , Gondwana drifted south . It included most of the landmasses in today 's southern hemisphere , including Antarctica , South America , Africa , Madagascar , Australiaâ `` New Guinea , and New Zealand , as well as Arabia and the Indian subcontinent , which have now moved entirely into the Northern Hemisphere .
The parallel lines at the top -LRB- with white space between them -RRB- make an allusion to the tricolor and also depict an equality sign which symbolizes the nation 's desire to reduce economic disparity .
Austen Chamberlain died on 17 March 1937 , shortly before his half-brother , Neville Chamberlain became Prime Minister .
The Barrie Colts played at the Barrie Arena during their tenure in the Junior B days and Junior A Tier II days , and also for a portion of their inaugural OHL season until their new arena was completed .
His funeral was well attended , with estimates of the number of mourners along the two hour march ranging from 15,000 to over 50,000 .
Furthermore , he considered Vijaynagar to be `` the best provided city in the world '' with a population of not less than a half a million .
The Song Is Over is a song by English rock band The Who , appearing on Who 's Next .
For example , For sale : `` fresh '' fish , `` fresh '' oysters , could be construed to imply that fresh is not used with its everyday meaning , or indeed to indicate that the fish or oysters are anything but fresh .
Sergio GonzÃ lez Soriano -LRB- born November 10 , 1976 in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat , Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- , simply Sergio , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Levante UD in La Liga .
John Barry Humphries , AO , CBE -LRB- born 17 February 1934 -RRB- is an Australian comedian , satirist , dadaist , artist , author and character actor . His is probably best known for making up and playing the characters of Dame Edna Everage , a Melbourne housewife and `` gigastar '' , and Sir Les Patterson , who is an really rude `` Australian diplomat '' .
Ficheux is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
In 1652 , Jan van Riebeeck colonized the Cape .
Sophocles ' first artistic triumph was in 468 BC , when he took first prize in the Dionysia theater competition over the reigning master of Athenian drama , Aeschylus .
Second , the contents of the Treaty were bitterly disputed .
The Magic of Disney Animation is an attraction that examines the development process of an animated character .
She married Emmanuel de Merode , a Belgian primatologist in 2003 .
Finlay was accompanied to the ring by his storyline son , Hornswoggle , who was returning from a scripted injury suffered at the hands of JBL .
Control theory is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and mathematics . It deals with the behavior of dynamical systems .
With all of the above carriage deals , the NBA believes it will now reach 45 million viewers .
Brown died in Warrenton , Virginia on August 15 , 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome -- being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease , since 1999 .
A borough is an administrative division in various countries .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- fluoride or mercurous fluoride is the chemical compound composed of mercury and fluorine with the formula Hg2F2 .
Mark also said that he will race in the 2010 Tour of Flanders but said he wo n't win it , stating that the Tour of Flanders requires training , but he sees himself winning it in the future .
Bin Laden and fellow al-Qaeda leaders were widely believed to be hiding near the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
The title is not correctly used on its own .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.80 males .
Mild white mustard -LRB- Sinapis hirta -RRB- grows wild in North Africa , the Middle East and Mediterranean Europe and has spread farther by long cultivation ; brown or Indian mustard -LRB- B. juncea -RRB- , originally from the foothills of the Himalaya , is grown commercially in the UK , Canada and the US ; black mustard -LRB- B. nigra -RRB- in Argentina , Chile , the US and some European countries .
Eukelade belongs to the Carme group , made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165 Â .
After a continuous campaign of 28 years , the UVF called a ceasefire in October 1994 .
Beth Twitty alleged in televised interviews that Joran van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers know more than they have told , and that at least one of them sexually assaulted or raped her daughter .
It can not be made by reacting manganese dioxide with sodium hydroxide , like potassium manganate is made .
The main purpose of the museum will be to fund scholarships for `` young people who live by and embody Jackie 's ideals . ''
Des Arc is served by the Des Arc School District .
The network was also a launching point for the music videos of pop musician\/children 's performers such as Laurie Berkner , Lisa Loeb , and Dan Zanes , initially as filler between 23-minute-long shows run commercial-free , and -LRB- because of their success in that format -RRB- now as music video shows like Move to the Music .
Le Mesnil-Patry is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The leaves and bark are used for controlling blood pressure and gingivitis .
T.N.T. is the second studio album by Australian hard rock band AC\/DC , released in Australia December 1975 .
Saffron gives a light yellow-orange coloring to foods .
With the state of Victoria to the south , and the mountains of the Great Dividing Range to the east , the Riverina covers those areas of New South Wales in the Murray and Murrumbidgee river systems .
He also played Jack Vincent in Casualty between 2001 and 2003 and has starred as Gaz Wilkinson in the comedy Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps from 2001 .
Takkar is a village and union council of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
For 1974 Marlboro dissolved its sponsorship of both teams and became famously associated with the McLaren team , which brought it its first constructors ' championship and its drivers title for Emerson Fittipaldi .
As a result , Benoit won the match and the World Heavyweight Championship .
His actions were condemned by the ICRC because they were deemed as acting unduly on his own authority and risking the ICRC 's neutrality .
Spam Lite , a newer kind of Spam , is made with pork and chicken .
These supposedly included the land now owned by ChÃ cents teau Ausone , which takes its name from him .
This evidence , and the general nature of Morrell 's accountâ '' its obvious errors , and his reputation as a braggart `` as great ... as any hero of autobiographical romance '' in the words of British geographer Hugh Robert Mill , led many geographers thereafter to ignore his claims .
After liberation and the foundation of Koreas government , Gyeonggi Province and its capital Seoul were separated , with partial regions of Gyeonggi Province being incorporated into Seoul thereafter .
Virieu-le-Grand is a commune .
Under Bishop Northwold , work began on a new eastern end in 1234 , replacing the short Norman chancel with a much grander 10-bay structure .
At certain times , the English dialogue track switched over to the Japanese dialogue for small periods of time .
His father was Andrew Hamilton Hume , who came to Australia in 1790 in charge of convicts -LRB- prisoners -RRB- and later became a farmer .
The university was named after Simon Fraser , a North West Company fur trader and explorer .
He lived mainly in Rome , where he would later die .
Bowling is a sport where people roll a ball down a bowling lane to try to knock ten bowling pins down without going into the gutters or missing . There are other kinds of bowling as well .
Hagen tells him about BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde on the rock . Siegfried has forgotten about her .
On November 9 , 1917 , it was reported that the Toronto NHA franchise was sold to Charles Querrie of the Toronto Arena corporation . At this point , NHA president Robertson and secretary Frank Calder denied that the NHA would change , dissolve or adopt other subterfuge .
To maintain the political power of the party , the SS was given authority to establish and run the Sicherheitsdienst -LRB- SD -RRB- , which was the security and intelligence service , and the Geheime Staatspolizei -LRB- Gestapo -RRB- , or SS secret police , effectively putting the SS above the law .
`` Of course you know I agree with all the current administration 's policies - -RRB- . ''
In 1933 , during a trip to Hollywood , Pascal was contacted by Princess Norina Matchabelli about a film project based on the teachings of her guru Meher Baba .
Over its existence , the administrative county lost territory , both to the existing county boroughs , and also due to the creation of county boroughs at West Hartlepool in 1902 and Darlington in 1915 .
This limits the number of pearls at a harvest period . The pearls are usually harvested after one year for akoya , 2 â `` 4 years for Tahitian and South Sea , and 2 â `` 7 years for freshwater .
Laylat al-Qadr -LRB- also known as Shab-e-Qadr -RRB- , the Night of Power , Night of Value , the Night of Decree or Night of Measures , is the anniversary of two very important dates in Islam that occurred in the month of Ramadan .
Romulus selected 100 of the most noble men to form the Roman senate as an advisory council to the king .
The following year , the Quebec club did not operate in the new National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- and Mummery was assigned to the Montreal Canadiens .
The Benedictine monastery of Fulda was founded in 744 by Saint Sturm , a disciple of Saint Boniface , when Boniface was reorganising the church in Germany .
In 1986 he became professor at the Free University of Berlin and at the Technical University of Berlin .
Assesse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Around 7:30 pm EDT -LRB- 2330 UTC -RRB- , a QuickSCAT satellite pass over the depression found tropical storm-force winds ; however , the winds were determined to have been affected by rain and therefore not representative of the depression 's actual intensity .
You must be logged in and have a working e-mail address in your settings to send e-mail to other users .
She achieved international recognition for her role in the erotic thriller Basic Instinct .
Shakespeare 's sources for the tragedy are the accounts of King Macbeth of Scotland , Macduff , and Duncan in Holinshed 's Chronicles -LRB- 1587 -RRB- , a history of England , Scotland and Ireland familiar to Shakespeare and his contemporaries .
It debuted on April 5 , 1987 as the FOX network 's second primetime series -LRB- after Married ... with Children -RRB- , and ran until May 26 , 1990 .
At the 2000 census , the population was 1,964 .
Today , it is recognized that these groups are not closely related to plants , and have a very different biology .
From 1957 to 1964 he was artistic director of the Vienna State Opera .
U.S. Persian lime imports from Mexico are handled mostly through McAllen , Texas .
Explorer John Oxley was the first European to discover the area in 1817 and named it `` Wellington Valley '' after Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington .
James said that this was mostly because of the `` stiff breeze of the special bookselling body of publishers , editors , illustrators , producers of the pleasant twaddle of magazines ; who have found their ` dear , ' our dear , everybody 's dear , their material pretty reproduction in every variety of what is called tasteful , and in what seemingly proves to be salable , form . ''
Darwin presents supporting facts drawn from many disciplines . The idea was to show that his theory could explain a myriad of observations from many fields of natural history that were inexplicable if species had been individually created .
In computer science , a lookup table is a data structure , usually an array or associative array , used to replace a runtime computation -LRB- calculation -RRB- with a simple array indexing operation .
The distinctive mark of an impact crater is the presence of rock which has undergone shock-metamorphic effects , shattered or melted rocks , and crystal deformations .
-LRB- disable CSS or view source to see the ISO-formatted output -RRB- .
In the Early Ordovician , trilobites were joined by many new types of organisms , including tabulate corals , strophomenid , rhynchonellid , and many new orthid brachiopods , bryozoans , planktonic graptolites and conodonts , and many types of molluscs and echinoderms , including the ophiuroids -LRB- `` brittle stars '' -RRB- and the first sea stars .
An editor with a conflict of interest who wishes to suggest substantive changes to an article should use that article 's talk page .
Platinum is a city in Alaska .
There are pubs called the `` Griffin '' - featuring a large maze , and `` The Taverners '' .
Takayuki Yoshida -LRB- , born March 14 , 1977 in Kawanishi , HyÅ go , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Vissel Kobe .
The officers of arms occupy posts bearing traditional titles with royal connotations .
The reason she was going was to give the first foreign relief to the Volga famine victims .
The true parrots are about 330 species of bird belonging to the Psittacidae family , one of the two families in the biological order Psittaciformes -LRB- parrots -RRB- . The other family is the Cacatuidae -LRB- cockatoos -RRB- which are also parrots , but not classified as true parrots .
Chuck Scherza -LRB- born February 15 , 1923 -RRB- is a former professional ice hockey player who played 11 seasons in the American Hockey League , winning a Calder Cup championship in 1949 .
It is here that the Congress of Gniezno took place in the year 1000 AD , during which BolesÅ aw I the Brave , Duke of Poland , received Holy Roman Emperor Otto III .
The southernmost -LRB- C. megacarpa -RRB- is found at 26 Â S in southeast Queensland , Australia .
The Jhelum enters the Punjab in the Jhelum District .
After entering the country in the southwest at Bazias , the Danube travels some 1,075 kilometers -LRB- almost 40 % of its entire length -RRB- through or along Romanian territory , forming the southern frontier with Serbia and Bulgaria .
In the NFL playoffs , he led the Rams to a Super Bowl XXXIV win against the Tennessee Titans .
Antoine Henri Becquerel -LRB- 15 December 1852 -- 25 August 1908 -RRB- was a French physicist . He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903 together with Marie Curie and Pierre Curie , for his discovery of radioactivity in 1898 .
The village is 400 km north of Sydney and about 56 km south east of Tamworth .
In 1981 , King was trying out for the position as a guitarist in a band .
A Birdbath is an artificial `` puddle '' or small shallow pond , created with a water - filled basin , for birds to bathe and ` cool off ' in , and drink from .
A significant fraction of the aberration introduced by the atmosphere can be removed in this way .
Du PrÃ primarily played two Stradivarius cellos , the 1673 cello -LRB- now called the `` du PrÃ Stradivarius '' -RRB- , and the 1712 Davidov Stradivarius .
The 1970 â `` 71 NHL season was the 54th season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Humus can be differentiated from decomposing organic matter in that the latter is rough-looking material , with coarse plant remains still visible , whereas fully humified organic matter is uniform in appearance -LRB- a dark , spongy , jelly-like substance -RRB- and amorphous in structure , and may remain such for millennia or more .
However , merging an article which has potential to be successful as a standalone article in the long-run can constrain encyclopedia expansion , cause articles to specialise in one subject area , and possibly result in articles getting too long .
Mao 's supporters were jailed , and Deng Xiaoping , who followed Mao , changed Mao 's policies so that Chinese people could have more private ownership .
Benay is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Vitamin D without a subscript refers to either D2 or D3 or both .
It has gallium and arsenide ions in it .
On September 28 , 2007 Michael D. Griffin , who was at the time Administrator of NASA , stated that NASA aims to put a man on Mars by 2037 .
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
The signal passes between the neurons via synapses .
Unter den Linden at the heart of the historic section of Berlin developed from a bridle path laid out by Elector John George of Brandenburg in the 16th century to reach his hunting grounds in the Tiergarten .
The English Wikipedia passed the 2 million-article mark on September 9 , 2007 , making it the largest encyclopedia ever assembled , eclipsing even the Yongle Encyclopedia -LRB- 1407 -RRB- , which had held the record for exactly 600 years .
It includes approximately 11,000 species divided into about 20 families .
George Harrison described it in 1969 as `` one of those instant whistle-along tunes which some people hate , and other people really like .
George Henry Lewes was a philosopher and literary critic . He spoke about this theme in a series of articles in the 1840s and 1850s .
Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China .
Hannah Montana : The Movie is a 2009 American musical movie . It is based on the teen sitcom Hannah Montana .
Although he did distinguish -LRB- tell apart -RRB- between the priority of knowing , since intelligent action requires forethought -LRB- thought before -RRB- , and the importance of action , as it produces a discernible effect , Zhu Xi said `` Knowledge and action always require each other .
On 17 October 1821 , Sierra Leone territory became part of British West African Territories .
The long , thin snout of Sarcosuchus was very similar to the thin snouts of the modern gharial , the false gharial and the slender-snouted crocodile , all of which are nearly exclusive fish-eaters and incapable of tackling large prey .
Equatorial Guinea national football team is the national football team of Equatorial Guinea .
They are facultatively aerobic , but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light , or phototrophy .
In 2003 , MSN implemented restrictions in their chat rooms purportedly intended to help protect children from adults seeking sexual conversations with them .
Brent Butt -LRB- born August 3 , 1966 -RRB- is a Canadian stand-up comedian actor and writer .
Finally , it may be used for prisoners who are at high risk of being attacked by other inmates , such as pedophiles , celebrities , or witnesses who are in prison themselves .
Although it is ostensibly set in ancient times , the themes of the show are essentially modern : taking responsibility for past misdeeds , the value of human life , personal liberty and sacrifice , and friendship .
-LRB- let -LRB- -LRB- secret-message `` none '' -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- set !
The tomb is slightly higher than floor level because below there is a crypt .
Friganovic admitted to having killed some 1,100 inmates .
Tropical Depression One was also the farthest north a May tropical cyclone is known to have formed , according to the NHC 's Tropical Cyclone Report .
This means that the observable properties of the particle -LRB- such as its energy and position -RRB- are related to the mass of the particle and the width of the well by simple mathematical expressions .
In 1813 Antioquia was declared a sovereign and independent state with Santa Fe as its capital , a status it maintained until 1826 , when MedellÃ n was chosen as the new departmental seat .
Another element in the revival was that all the panelists were openly gay . This was played upon as host , Bill Dwyer , was introduced as `` the straight man to the panel '' .
See Japan Soccer League Cup .
Sompote Saengduenchai , founder\/president of Chaiyo Productions , claimed and maintained that in 1976 , the late Noboru Tsuburaya , Eiji 's son , who had died in 1995 , had given him and his company a contract which had given him rights to everything Ultraman outside Japanese territories in exchange for a monetary loan .
Chris Eagles -LRB- born 19 November 1985 -RRB- is a English football player . He plays for Burnley .
Such conspiracy theories alleged that Salisbury had either actually invented the plot or allowed it to continue when his agents had already infiltrated it , for the purposes of propaganda .
It has a small lake in Pietroconti called Braccini lake .
It developed in the fourteenth century as a simplified form of textualis , with influence from the form of textualis as used for writing charters .
Caulfield Junction Post Office opened in 1923 and remains open .
When the result reached Russia , Krylenko drafted a letter to be sent in Botvinnik 's name to Stalin .
Examples include the classical Hindu , Buddhist , and Greek elemental traditions .
Burgess Hill Town Football Club plays football -LRB- soccer -RRB- and plays its home games at Leylands Park .
Dostoevsky 's notebooks show that he had the idea of The Grand Inquisitor after he saw it in a play by Friedrich Schiller , Don Carlos -LRB- 1785-1787 -RRB- .
Of all deep-sea cephalopods , their mass-specific metabolic rate is the lowest .
, and his `` Raindrop '' Prelude in D-flat major -LRB- Op .
It is based on a design by Luis de Camara Cascudo .
The Public Broadcasting Service -LRB- PBS -RRB- is an American non-profit public broadcasting television service with 354 member TV stations in the United States which hold collective ownership .
His vacating of the announcer position set the stage for Jim Ross to return to Raw 's commentary booth , thus ending the storyline where Ross got fired by Linda McMahon .
Later , in the second season , Aang meets Toph Bei Fong , a blind earthbending master , who becomes one of his teachers .
Sainte-Eulalie is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
It takes up to three parameters and returns the first one that has any content .
The name `` IDEA '' is also a trademark .
At my age a man no longer dares interrogate his heart . ''
Hanneman writes both words and music for Slayer . Some of his songs include : `` Raining Blood '' , `` War Ensemble '' , `` Seasons in the Abyss '' and `` Angel of Death . ''
Article 111 prohibits stealing , secretly collecting , purchasing , or illegally providing state secrets or intelligence to an organization , institution , or personnel outside the country .
Its county seat is Poteau .
Cherreau is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The MicropÃ dia articles are intended for quick fact-checking and to help in finding more thorough information in the MacropÃ dia .
SmackDown would regain the World Heavyweight Championship at Backlash -LRB- 2009 -RRB- when Edge defeated John Cena to win the championship .
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
Kingsport is also home to eight private academies .
-LRB- London 1798 -RRB- or `` The Penniless Traveller '' -LRB- O'Neill 's 1850 collection -RRB- .
He was the son of a silk manufacturer at Lyon , where he was born , originally intended to follow his father 's business ; but having in 1792 served as volunteer in the cavalry of the national guard at Lyons , he manifested military abilities which secured his rapid promotion .
The races are therefore very tough on the car , and also physically tough on the drivers , especially since the circuit is anti-clockwise , where the centrifugal forces in the many hard left turns push the drivers ' necks to the right , instead of left as in the majority of circuits on the F1 calendar .
He makes an appearance in the Polish Chronicle of Gallus Anonymus , along with his father , ChoÅ cisko and wife Rzepka .
Marilyn Monroe -LRB- pronounced or ; June 1 , 1926 - August 5 , 1962 -RRB- , born Norma Jeane Mortenson , but baptized Norma Jeane Baker , was an American actress , singer and model .
In Circle Limit III , for example , one can see that the number of fishes within a distance of n from the center rises exponentially .
Despite the introduction of more modern types of traction , as of 2008 a significant number are still in use , both on the mainline and on heritage railways .
Catherine Parr -LRB- Katherine , Kateryn or Katheryne ; 1512 â `` 5 September 1548 -RRB- was Queen consort of England and Ireland and the last of the six wives of King Henry VIII of England .
StarHub TV is a service provided to customers by StarHub in Singapore .
In 2005 , the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm gave the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Dr. Marshall and Dr. Warren for finding the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and its part in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease .
As of 2011 he is the primary anchor of the CNN news show Anderson Cooper 360 Â .
During the celebration , a hot cable for pyrotechnics was sent flying into audience members in the upper seating bowl of the stadium , leaving 45 injured with some hospitalized .
For this is what the Lord , the God of Israel says : ` The jar of flour will not be used up nd the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land . ' ''
The chrysalis is mainly shiny white , with small black spots , a variable amount of brown markings , and orange and gold tubercules .
But one day , a new Power Ranger appears . His costume is white , and his Zord is a white tiger .
The NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Championship is a single-elimination tournament held each spring in the United States , featuring 68 college basketball teams , to determine the national championship in the top tier of college basketball .
Edvaldo Alves de Santa Rosa -LRB- born March 26 , 1934 in MaceiÃ , AL - September 17 , 2002 , Rio de Janeiro -RRB- , better known as Dida , was a Brazilian football player .
Chiron sends Annabeth along with Percy , Grover , and Tyson into the Labyrinth on a quest to find Daedalus . In this , they hope to use his knowledge to help thwart any attacks that are carried out using the giant underground maze .
Both because of its opposition to the principle of presidential election by universal suffrage and because De Gaulle 's re-election appeared inevitable , the SFIO did not nominate a candidate for the 1965 presidential election .
Among the larger more common species are Dingos , Antilopine Kangaroos , Black Wallaroos , Agile Wallabys , and Short-eared Rock Wallabys .
Learning by example and by demonstration is common now , but in 1941 it was a new idea and it caught the approving eye of the Home Office .
In 1956 he was appointed Professor of Biology , and in 1966 the Thomas Hunt Morgan Professor of Biology .
Alexei Nikolayevich Kosygin -LRB- , Aleksej NikolajeviÄ Kosygin ; 21 February 1904 â `` 18 December 1980 -RRB- was a Soviet-Russian man who was Premier of the Soviet Union .
The Hooters restaurant , Cantina # 1 restaurant and the Theatres at Mall of America movie theater are the only establishments remaining on the fourth floor .
The dukes of ZÃ hringen and the counts of Kyburg took over much of the land .
House Rent Allowance -LRB- HRA -RRB- is the second additional payment . It is divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 , B-2 and C. This plan was first based on the recommendations of the Fifth Pay Commission of India -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
The county was formed in 1746 from Craven County .
But he is not the creator of this word , it was already in use , e.g. you can find in a letter of Ruben Bierer from the 9th December 1888 the expression zionist brother 's greeting .
CsupÃ stated that he was interested in making the film because he `` had the ambition to do a live-action film for a long time '' , but that he `` did n't like anything until I read this book '' .
Due to the low salary of the independent shows , James supplemented her income by working as a waitress at an Olive Garden restaurant .
As a result , it was used in the 2003 Pacific hurricane season and is on the list of names to be used in 2009 .
At that time , the volt was defined as the potential difference -LRB- i.e. , what is nowadays called the `` voltage -LRB- difference -RRB- '' -RRB- across a conductor when a current of one ampere dissipates one watt of power .
The colonizing population may diversify rapidly to take advantage of all possible niches .
The Guadalcanal Campaign , also known as the Battle of Guadalcanal and codenamed Operation Watchtower by Allied forces , was fought between August 7 , 1942 and February 9 , 1943 on and around the island of Guadalcanal in the Pacific theater of World War II .
Miyano and Tieria Erde 's seiyÅ `` , Hiroshi Kamiya , both won the `` Best Main '' and `` Best Supporting Male Characters '' respectively at the 2008 SeiyÅ `` Awards .
She has released four exercise videos , entitled Claudia Schiffer 's Perfectly Fit , which were successful and reached the bestsellers list . Schiffer has hosted the French Fashion Awards and the World Music Awards in Monaco .
`` We want to avoid any possible unnecessary destruction and loss of life . ''
Futurism has produced several reactions , including the literary genre of cyberpunk â '' in which technology was often treated with a critical eye . Artists who came to prominence during the first flush of the Internet , such as Stelarc and Mariko Mori , produce work which is influenced by Futurist ideas .
When the United States joined World War II , the 1942 race was canceled .
It also depends upon such environmental conditions as light intensity , humidity , winds and temperature .
Charles the Fat -LRB- 13 June 839 â `` 13 January 888 -RRB- was the King of Alemannia from 876 , King of Italy from 879 , Holy Roman Emperor -LRB- as Charles III -RRB- from 881 , King of East Francia from 882 , and King of West Francia from 884 .
Rolling Stone called the album one of the most significant releases of the 1970s and placed him alongside Neil Young , Jackson Browne , and Bruce Springsteen as one of the four most important new artists to become well known during the decade .
The Xinhua press agency was started in November 1931 as the Red China News Agency and changed to its current name in 1937 .
In his twenties he tried to make diamonds by heating graphite and ruined Glasgow 's electricity supply .
With its emphasis on early detection and prevention of problems , SPC has a distinct advantage over other quality methods , such as inspection , that apply resources to detecting and correcting problems after they have occurred .
The revised definition would seem to imply that the ideal atomic clock would contain a single caesium atom at rest emitting a single frequency .
First popularized in the mid 1970s by gastroenterologist Walter L. Voegtlin , this nutritional concept has been promoted and adapted by a number of authors and researchers in several books and academic journals .
In the next year , smoking in buses and city trains was made illegal , on the personal initiative of Hitler , who feared female ticket takers might be the victims of passive smoking .
The tail is darkly colored and straight .
The birth of the modern pointe shoe is often attributed to the early 20th century Russian ballerina , Anna Pavlova , who was one of the most famous and influential dancers of her time .
Without the telephone , one could not have a conversation across long distances ; and without the sanctified image in the temple , one can not easily talk with the Deity .
The old Brockville ground was demolished in 2003 â `` 04 and the land is now home to a branch of the Morrisons supermarket , which has several items of Falkirk memorabilia on site , including a turnstile from the old ground .
It is the spiritual sequel to Osu !
This may happen , for example , when there is extensive DNA damage through the SOS response system .
The term has become a common Urdu , Bengali , and Hindi word for `` beggar '' .
Michelle Bachelet -LRB- VerÃ nica Michelle Bachelet Jeria -RRB- became the first woman president of Chile . She served from 11 March 2006 to 11 March 2010 .
NFS , like many other protocols , builds on the Open Network Computing Remote Procedure Call -LRB- ONC RPC -RRB- system .
In 1829 , Chopin heard the violinist NiccolÃ Paganini play , and met the pianist Johann Nepomuk Hummel .
Although much of Calvin 's practice was in Geneva , his publications spread his ideas of a correctly reformed church to many parts of Europe .
Many computer programs come with serial numbers , often called `` Compact Disc keys '' , and the installers often require the user to enter a valid serial number to continue .
An oath is a promise in the legal sense .
It occupies more than a quarter of the German federal state -LRB- Bundesland -RRB- of Rhineland-Palatinate -LRB- Rheinland-Pfalz -RRB- .
At the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Skipton had a population of 14,313 .
More recently he serves as the director of research and chief compliance officer for the Wedge Medical Center .
It will draw nearer in 2017 , 2050 , 2060 , and closer still on December 14 , 2093 , passing within 0.0198 AU -LRB- 3.0 Gm -RRB- .
In India , an used AK-47 costs $ 3,800 in black market .
Age determination is also impossible in endogenous trees .
The Greeks sail for Troy .
She served three terms as Prime Minister of Norway -LRB- 1981 , 1986-89 , 1990-96 -RRB- , and has served as the Director General of the World Health Organization .
Kelly 's Top 40 singles include `` Billy Baxter '' , `` Before Too Long '' , `` Darling It Hurts '' , `` To Her Door '' -LRB- highest charting local hit in 1987 -RRB- , `` Dumb Things '' -LRB- appeared on United States charts in 1988 -RRB- and `` Roll on Summer '' .
Tatyana is reading a novel , but her mother , Madame Larina , tells her that real life is very different from what it is in books .
While the franchise continues to receive new arcade versions in Japan , it was never strongly marketed outside of the country , allowing Harmonix to capitalize on the formula several years later with the Western-targeted Guitar Hero .
Some believe the milestone has become less important with the large number of new members ; 10 players joined the club from 1999 to 2009 .
Villereversure is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
`` Objects and light are studied intensely , and are painted with a wondrous tenderness '' .
He used his positions to arrange prizes for his friends -LRB- Jacobus va n't Hoff , Wilhelm Ostwald , Theodore Richards -RRB- and to attempt to deny them to his enemies -LRB- Paul Ehrlich , Walther Nernst -RRB- .
George I Louis 1705 â `` 1727 .
The subject of `` vending machines on dark side-streets '' is clarified , at the end , by repeating `` on dark side-streets '' which readers might have forgotten , since that was the 2nd phrase in the long sentence .
Donald B. Poile -LRB- born June 1 , 1932 -RRB- is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 66 games in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Red Wings .
After graduating from PJC in spring 1939 , Robinson transferred to UCLA . There he became the school 's first athlete to win varsity letters in four sports : baseball , basketball , football , and track .
When the Opera was opened again in 1809 after it had been closed since 1806 , she performed with her five year old daughter in the ballet Dansvurmen .
By August 2 , the singer had announced on the group 's website that the album is scheduled for release on October 24 on Nothing\/Interscope Records .
Sir Lancelot of the Lake was one of the most trusted knights of King Arthur 's Round Table , but this soon changed when he fell in love with the king 's wife , Queen Guinevere .
Between them , two writers effectively founded the whole genre of the gastronomic essay . ''
The 2006 Atlantic hurricane season was a annual event in the yearly cycle of tropical cyclones . It officially started on June 1 , 2006 , and lasted until November 30 , 2006 .
Other letters were destroyed by the heirs of Admiral Francis Austen , Jane 's brother .
BBC HD is a high-definition television network provided by the BBC .
In 1965 , its name was changed to Estrelleta and , finally , in 1972 it got its current name .
In a leap year , it has 29 days . This extra day is called a leap day .
The Hudson Valley is a valley of the Hudson River .
This refers to an early Greek model of the Universe . In that model , all matter was in rotating spheres centered on the Earth ; according to Aristotle , the rotation of the outermost sphere was responsible for the motion and change of everything within .
They have three biological children together : sons Henry Gunther Ademola Dashtu Samuel -LRB- born September 15 , 2005 -RRB- and Johan Riley Fyodor Taiwo Samuel -LRB- born November 22 , 2006 -RRB- , and daughter Lou Sulola Samuel -LRB- born October 9 , 2009 -RRB- .
Trochenbrod was founded in 1835 , at first a farming colony which grew into a small town .
Their names are derived from their staining characteristics ; for example , the most abundant granulocyte is the neutrophil granulocyte , which has neutrally-staining cytoplasmic granules .
The CBSO became internationally famous when Simon Rattle became chief conductor in 1980 .
Although deposits of graphite had been found in other parts of the world , they were not of the same purity and quality as the Borrowdale find , and had to be crushed to remove the impurities , leaving only graphite powder .
Owensboro is the fourth largest city by population in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
Rose Elizabeth Cleveland -LRB- June 13 , 1846 - November 22 , 1918 -RRB- , was the First Lady during the first of her brother , U.S. President Grover Cleveland 's two administrations .
Caenorhabditis elegans -LRB- C. elegans -LRB- see el-eh-ganz -RRB- for short -RRB- is the name of an animal called a roundworm or nematode . C. elegans is about 1 mm long .
Å Ä 3\/4 Ä Ä Ä Ä `` -RRB- -LRB- Kâ Î Ð Ð Ò Ò Ó -RRB- -LRB- Ã Ã Ã Ã Ä Ä 1\/4 Ç Ä Ä Ä á Å Î Ð É !
During this period De Laurentiis made a number of successful and acclaimed films , including Serpico -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Death Wish -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , Mandingo -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , Three Days of the Condor -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , The Shootist -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , Ingmar Bergman 's The Serpent 's Egg -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , Ragtime -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , Conan the Barbarian -LRB- 1982 -RRB- and Blue Velvet -LRB- 1986 -RRB- .
Because of this , an objective and analytical measure of odor is impossible .
Wilson graduated from Yale in 1878 .
It is called an iron because the bottom part is traditionally made of iron , a type of metal . The iron is heated before it is used .
There was some confusion over its original manuscript .
Park Chu-Young -LRB- Hangul : ë ì # 1\/4 ì , Hanja : æ ä '' æ , born 10 July 1985 , Daegu -RRB- is a South Korean footballer who plays for AS Monaco and is the current captain for the South Korea national team .
It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005 .
Most male skaters do not perform spirals during competition because they do not get credit for doing them .
The Teletubbies are at the stage of understanding speech but not yet fully capable of repeating it , exactly like their target audience .
The class was built for parcels traffic like the Class 128 .
The Holocene extinction event is the result of habitat destruction , the large distribution of invasive species , hunting and climate change .
Homotopy equivalence is important because in algebraic topology many concepts are homotopy invariant , that is , they respect the relation of homotopy equivalence . For example , if X and Y are homotopy equivalent spaces , then :
The school is committed to the provision of a comprehensive range of quality education services , which aims to promote the moral -LRB- å 3\/4 -RRB- , intellectual -LRB- æ -RRB- , physical -LRB- é `` '' -RRB- , social -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- , aesthetic -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- and spiritual -LRB- é -RRB- development of the students .
Camblanes-et-Meynac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Natron is also the mineralogical name for the compound sodium carbonate decahydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â 10H2O -RRB- , which is the main component in historical natron .
A famous cross-over writer was Amir Khusro , whose Persian and Urdu couplets are to this day read in South Asia .
Because of the copyright struggle , importing literature on Ultraman into Singapore and Malaysia was prohibited .
Water temperatures remained warm enough for development , while upper level shear was minimal as the depression moved west-northwestward due to a ridge of high pressure to its north .
After this event , Gloucester took over as the center of New England fishing .
They bring the chariot to Ares ' Temple on the Intrepid , an aircraft carrier that has since now become a museum .
Habermas was awarded The Prince of Asturias Award in Social Sciences of 2003 .
Given that the average gate at Barnsley accounts for less than 50 % of capacity this appeared to be a strange announcement , however there are a number of structural concerns with the roof and the wooden floor of the upper tier and it would seem that a new structure is more financially viable than maintaining the existing one .
By sixteen , Hahn had completed the Curtis Institute 's university requirements , but elected to remain for several years to pursue elective courses , until her graduation in May 1999 with a Bachelor of Music degree .
Spanish peanuts are used mostly for peanut candy , salted nuts , and peanut butter .
The actual term polar coordinates has been attributed to Gregorio Fontana and was used by 18th-century Italian writers .
Most of the harvested turmeric is ground up and sold in jars for use in cooking , however the fresh root turmeric can also be used .
The weather usually quickly clears after a front passes .
Sains-l Ã s-Marquion is a commune . It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The increase in blood pressure has been shown to improve performance by 15 % .
Barnes & Noble began to publish books during the 1980s , when they started reissuing out-of-print titles .
In the Catholic Church , when a bishop becomes an archbishop , he is not given any more Holy Orders or any other sacrament . The word comes from the Greek Î Ï Ï Î , which means `` first '' or `` chief '' , and Î Ï Î Ï Î Î Ï Î Ï , which means `` over-seer '' or `` supervisor '' .
`` I ca n't see my way to becoming Patron of the Michael Collins Foundation .
Mega Man Star Force 2 , known in Japan as , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was nominated for the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature .
It is situated on the French-German language border of the canton of Wallis -LRB- Valais in French -RRB- .
Alfa Romeo Automobiles S.p.A. is an Italian manufacturer of cars . Founded as A.L.F.A. on June 24 , 1910 in Milan , the company has been involved in car racing since 1911 , and has a reputation for building expensive sports cars .
S\/2007 S 3 is about 5 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,518,500 kilometres in about 1100 days , at an inclination of 177.22 Â to the ecliptic , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.130 .
The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus Triple H for the WWE Championship , which Cena won after forcing Triple H to submit to the STFU .
In the middle of the fourth season , Bartlet 's White House is confronted with the genocide in the fictional African country of Equatorial Kundu which was compared to the Rwandan Genocide of 1994 .
The shamisen or samisen -LRB- Japanese : ä å ` ç , literally `` three taste strings '' -RRB- , also called sangen -LRB- literally `` three strings '' -RRB- is a Japanese musical instrument with three strings , that is played with a big plectrum called a bachi .
A tubule is a very small tube . In anatomy , a tubule is a very small tube coated with epithelium from your glands .
This evidence , combined with the small size of other primitive relatives such as Microraptor and the troodontid Anchiornis , indicates that the common ancestor of dromaeosaurids , troodontids , and birds â `` which is called the ancestral paravian â `` may have been very small , at around 65 cm in length and 600 to 700 grams of mass.
As a result all but one member of the Catholic cabinet , Dr. Noel Browne , remained outside the cathedral while Hyde 's funeral took place .
Kensington is a district of West London , England in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
However , this was taken off him by Fabian Cancellara .
Daichi Matsuyama -LRB- born 11 January 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
None of the taxonomic schemes are perfect however , and taxonomists commonly argue over how to define the obvious differences between butterflies and moths .
When he was asked what the most important part of mechanism design is , he said welfare economics .
He was a member of the Pi Gamma Mu and Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternities , and regarding his spiritual beliefs , Naismith is remembered as a Freemason .
The wife of the Dauphin was known as the Dauphine .
Early ideas on eusociality included suggestions that trophallaxis or food sharing was a basis for sociality .
This was first mentioned by Ernst Kummer in 1843 , in his work on Fermat 's last theorem .
Their economic success stories became known as the Miracle on the Han River and the Taiwan Miracle and have served as role models for many developing countries , especially the Tiger Cub Economies .
John Kemeny 's BASIC programming language -LRB- 1964 -RRB- made it easy for students to use computers .
The series will focus on Korra , a teenage female protagonist from the Southern Water Tribe and the current reincarnation of the Avatar .
Native Command Queuing -LRB- NCQ -RRB- is a technology designed to increase performance of SATA hard disks on computers . It can do this under certain situations by allowing the individual hard disk to internally optimize the order in which it executes the read and write requests it received .
Some of the songs , including `` An Cat Dubh '' and `` The Ocean '' , were written and recorded in the studio .
The track is 5.073 km -LRB- 3.15 miles -RRB- long . It is located next to the harbor , similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix .
Three subspecies are currently recognized , including this one .
Throughout most of the history of personal computers , data transfer through serial ports connected the computer to devices such as terminals and various peripherals .
Villages in the Borough of Bedford with populations of more than 2,000 as of 2005 were Biddenham , Bromham , Clapham , Elstow , Oakley , Sharnbrook , Shortstown , Wilstead , and Wootton .
In 1938 Hurwicz got a degree from Warsaw University .
Its official SEPTA address is 12th and Filbert streets .
Early the next day both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- designated the Tropical disturbance as a Tropical Depression with PAGASA assigning the local name of Tropical Depression Milenyo , to the depression .
The Mahseer -LRB- Tor putitora -RRB- , an indigenous riverine fish found in the Hub River , grows up to 2m in length and is fished .
They also are good swimmers .
Aedes aegypti is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever , Chikungunya and yellow fever viruses , and other diseases .
For example , the lettuce aphid spread from New Zealand to Tasmania .
Sign languages and writing are generally understood as forms of verbal communication , as both make use of words â '' although like speech , both may contain paralinguistic elements and often occur alongside nonverbal messages .
There are 15 red balls -LRB- worth 1 point each -RRB- and 6 colors : a yellow -LRB- 2 points -RRB- , green -LRB- 3 points -RRB- , brown -LRB- 4 points -RRB- , blue -LRB- 5 points -RRB- , pink -LRB- 6 points -RRB- and black ball -LRB- 7 points -RRB- .
It is distributed across Northern Asia , from southern Siberia through Mongolia and northeastern China to northern North Korea .
Bilten is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
WenceslausWenzel 6 December 1370 15 May 1388 Brother of Rudolf II .
The new Trusts are :
Its motto is `` Improving the health , safety , and well-being of America '' .
The X-37B effort will be led by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office , and includes partnerships with NASA and the Air Force Research Laboratory .
The College of Southern Idaho 's Blaine Country Center is located in Hailey .
As a child , Knight was deeply interested in nature and animals , and spent many hours copying the illustrations from his fatherâ s natural history books .
In early July Staunton agreed provided he was given time to get back into practice , and provided that he could manage all this without breaking the publication contract for his Shakespearean work .
Currently , in Canada , Thanksgiving is celebrated on the second Monday of October and in the United States , it is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November .
The Local Government Act 1972 -LRB- 1972 c. 70 -RRB- is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom , that reformed local government in England and Wales , on 1 April 1974 .
That same year he traveled through France , the Netherlands and Germany .
In 1944 , as Britain was nearing its sixth year in World War II , and 38-year-old Vera , who was widowed the previous year , still holding the title of women 's world champion , her two sisters and their mother were killed in a V-1 rocket bombing raid which destroyed their home at 47 Gauden Road in the Clapham area of South London .
Sinclair wrote this book to show the sufferings of the working class and to show the corruption of the American meatpacking industry during the early-20th century .
ChÃ cents teauneuf-de-Gadagne is a commune of 2,838 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
US 101 was also one of the original U.S. Routes established in 1926 .
The Lagrangian centrifugal force is derived without explicit use of a rotating frame of reference , but in the case of motion in a central potential the result is the same as the fictitious centrifugal force derived in a co-rotating frame .
Introduced in PokÃ mon Red and Blue , are , in order of progressing strength , the PokÃ Ball , Great Ball -LRB- Super Ball in Japan -RRB- , Ultra Ball -LRB- Hyper Ball in Japan -RRB- , and the Master Ball , which has a 100 % success rate against any PokÃ mon that can be captured .
Avon was a county in South west England .
The last such journey was in 1915 . After that , the city refused any more requests of that kind .
About 10 species are native to Eurasia .
Code for submarine classes .
The Glomma or GlÃ ma is the longest and largest river in Norway .
It 's up to Mega Man , a robot created by Dr. Light , to stop Dr. Wily and his army of Robot Masters .
The current Grand Steward is Shingo Haketa .
Some Laserdisc proponents believe analog Laserdisc is capable of higher quality than the lossy nature of DVD .
In two appearances as a pitcher , Wistert allowed only one run in eight innings , for a career ERA of 1.13 .
The Central African Republic is located just north of the Equator . Because of this , the daily high temperatures rarely fall below the high 80s Fahrenheit .
This text faded out when the mouse was moved on the page , and normal search functionality is achieved by filling in the search field with the desired terms and pressing enter .
Lancelot de Carles called her `` beautiful '' with a good figure . A Venetian in Paris in 1528 also said that she was beautiful .
Bellucci was born in CittÃ di Castello , Umbria , Italy as the only child of Luigi Bellucci , who owned a trucking company , and Maria Gustinelli , a painter .
OtogizÅ shi are a group of short stories with pictures , written in Japan , mostly in the period between 1392 and 1573 . There are about 350 of these stories .
The tradition of marking the day with the ringing of church bells and bonfires started soon after the Plot 's discovery , and fireworks were included in some of the earliest celebrations .
Quantum mechanics is important to physics and chemistry .
GroÃ enhain is located on the river RÃ der , 30 k northwest of Dresden , and 17 k east of Riesa .
In August 1824 , Charlotte was sent with three of her sisters , Emily , Maria , and Elizabeth , to the Clergy Daughters ' School at Cowan Bridge in Lancashire -LRB- which she would describe as Lowood School in Jane Eyre -RRB- .
It is the second most northerly station on the line , between Southgate and Cockfosters stations , and is in Travelcard Zone 5 .
Matches are sold in quantity , either in a box , or in matchbooks .
During the week of July 14 , 2008 , it ranked as the most-viewed program for the under-14 demographic .
The Church issued the dogmatic definitions of the first seven General Councils in Greek , and even in Rome Greek remained at first the language of the liturgy and the language in which the first Popes wrote .
These settlements are nestled on mountain ridges about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad .
It was also the first year of the 20th century .
Results like this and also High-Road 's performance at the Giro d'Italia helped the team secure a sponsor for the end of the year
When MVP was close to retrieving the contract briefcase , Matt Hardy -LRB- returning to action after suffering a legitimate injury -RRB- , entered the ring from the crowd , climbed the ladder , and delivered a Twist of Fate to MVP off that ladder .
: Talk : -RRB- P \* p. \* -LRB- ^ p P -RRB- .
The final four episodes were packaged as a two-hour movie .
Explored throughout the ItajaÃ system .
Usually a campus includes libraries , lecture halls , residence halls and park-like settings .
Billy Dee Williams -LRB- born April 6 , 1937 -RRB- is an African American actor , artist , and writer . He 's famous for playing Lando Calrissian on Star Wars .
Some pitched roofs have parts that stick out for windows .
This template returns the cyclic integer month number in ISO format -LRB- between 01 and 12 -RRB- of the month whose real number is in parameter .
Dr. Anne Schuchat , interim Deputy Director for CDC Science and Public Health , said that the American cases were found to be made up of genetic elements from four different flu viruses â `` North American swine influenza , North American avian influenza -LRB- bird flu -RRB- , human influenza , and swine influenza virus typically found in Asia and Europe â `` `` an unusually mongrelised mix of genetic sequences . '' Pigs have been shown to act as a potential `` mixing vessel '' in which reassortment can occur between flu viruses of several species .
Arrhenius ' explanation was that in forming a solution , the salt dissociates into charged particles -LRB- which Michael Faraday had given the name ions many years earlier -RRB- .
Hiroshi Katayama -LRB- born May 28 , 1940 in Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a retired Japanese football player .
It pushed water into the Pamlico Sound .
Vasoactive intestinal peptide -LRB- VIP , also polypeptide -RRB- is a kind of hormone that has 28 amino acid residues in it and is made in many areas of the human body including the gut , pancreas , and suprachiasmatic nuclei -LRB- which is a small part of the brain 's midline -RRB- of the hypothalamus in the brain .
Gonneville-sur-Honfleur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In 1971 , he got the Nobel Peace Prize for his politics .
Examples of sacraments would be Baptism and the Mass. '' The word is taken from the Latin word sacramentum , which was used to translate the Greek word for mystery .
Opened in 1897 and founded by Augustus Graham , the Brooklyn Museum building is a steel frame structure -- built to the standards of classical masonry -- designed by the famous architectural firm of McKim , Mead , and White and built by the Carlin Construction Company .
Manfred Kaltz -LRB- born 6 January 1953 -RRB- is a former German football player and manager .
Footage from the final show was released in 1983 for the film Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars .
The game was released in 2009 as an arcade game by developer Raw Thrills .
A page or page boy is a traditionally young male servant , sometimes also called a bowitt .
Rottenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
There were thirty draft picks , with sixty superstars drafted overall by co-owners of the WWF , Ric Flair and Vince McMahon , onto their respective brands , Raw and SmackDown ! .
There are typically fewer state senators than there are members of a state 's lower house .
Juan Antonio Pizzi -LRB- born 7 June , 1968 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
In some middle-eastern countries , Marjoram is synonymous with Oregano , and there the names Sweet Marjoram and Knotted Marjoram are used to distinguish it from other plants .
It plays an important role in the immune system by attacking virus-infected cells , foreign cells , and cancer cells . The `` T '' in T cell stands for thymus .
One argument against same-sex marriage arises from a rejection of the use of the word `` marriage '' as applied to same-sex couples , as well as objections about the legal and social status of marriage itself being applied to same-sex partners under any terminology .
The combination with an equal sign , , is used for definitions .
The indulgence is granted by the Catholic Church after the sinner has confessed and received absolution .
A number of conventions were said to be broken during this episode .
Jeremy and Cecil take the two mice to NIMH where they find two of the rats from Thorn Valley , Justin and Brutus .
He was the father and teacher of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
This species may be found in a variety of open habitats and gardens .
Mirza was born to Imran Mirza , a sports journalist and his wife Nasima in Mumbai , India .
One of the company 's early successes was its distribution of the 1936 anti-cannabis propaganda film Reefer Madness , which became a cult hit on American college campuses in the early 1970s .
The Lego Group estimates that in the course of five decades it has produced some 400 billion Lego blocks .
In a few scores , the F-sharp major key signature in the bass clef is written with the sharp for the A on the top line .
The size of the region is shown by the fact that the northern part of Gloucestershire , near Chipping Campden , is as close to the Scottish border as it is to the tip of Cornwall .
Formula One began the 2006 season using V8 engines , which replaced the V10 . Formula One made this change to reduce costs and lower power .
In 1972 , in the case of State v. Palendrano , 293 A. 2d 747 , New Jersey State prosecutors charged a woman with being a common scold for a disturbance she had caused .
These often use DOS , Linux , NetBSD , or an embedded real-time operating system such as MicroC\/OS-II , QNX or VxWorks .
Lager Norderney was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney , in the Channel Islands , named after the East Frisian island of Norderney .
In their view , the legitimate government was the IRA Army Council , which had been vested with the authority of that Republic in 1938 -LRB- prior to the Second World War -RRB- by the last remaining anti-Treaty deputies of the Second DÃ il .
MCA Inc. bought American Decca in 1962 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 528.49 s , of which 516.13 s -LRB- or 97.66 % -RRB- is land and 12.35 s -LRB- or 2.34 % -RRB- is water .
It was released on May 11 , 1990 through Sub Pop Records .
The extant works of Claudius present a different view , painting a picture of an intelligent , scholarly , well-read , and conscientious administrator with an eye to detail and justice .
The value of 6.6 kg indicates a density of 1.3 Â 0.3 g\/cm3 .
In Hobart , The Mercury and The Sunday Tasmanian .
He is buried at St. James Church , Clerkenwell .
Luis Emilio Gonzalez -LRB- born September 3 , 1967 in Tampa , Florida -RRB- , nicknamed `` Gonzo '' , is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder . A Cuban-American , Gonzalez spent his best years with the Arizona Diamondbacks and was one of the most popular players in that organization 's history .
WWE decided not to add another superstar in his place , making that year 's Money in the Bank ladder match the first year to have seven participants .
In 1990 Proctor Silex merged with Hamilton Beach .
The study of optical fibers is called fiber optics , which is part of applied science and engineering .
From the Ideen onward , Husserl concentrated on the ideal , essential structures of consciousness .
Sinclair 's works had been accepted by and were widely read in the Soviet Union , and were known to Eisenstein .
Article XVI of the regulations adopted Germany 's Notzeichen distress signal as the international standard , reading : `` Ships in distress shall use the following signal : Â Â Â â '' â '' â '' Â Â Â repeated at brief intervals '' .
The album has since then become a blues classic .
During the summer of 1778 Arnold met Peggy Shippen , the 18-year-old daughter of Judge Edward Shippen , a Loyalist sympathizer who had done business with the British while they occupied the city .
Between 1791 and 1806 she was a premier-dancer at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm .
Shortly after , they signed with the PS Company label , and in May released their first EP , Cockayne Soup .
Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
They were named by Ross after his ships HMS Erebus and HMS Terror .
Malden is located at .
Rainfall decreases moving towards the Pacific Ocean , but it is still abundant enough to allow the farming of bananas and many other tropical crops near Tapachula .
The Province of Piacenza is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
Wimille is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Typical examples include : convenience stores , other small shops -LRB- such as a bakery or delicatessen -RRB- , hairdressers , tradesmen , lawyers , accountants , restaurants , guest houses , photographers , small-scale manufacturing etc.
Psychiatrist Ian Stevenson , from the University of Virginia , interviewed young children who claimed to remember a past life .
Ivan , along with his brothers and sisters , obtained new family names while attending theological seminary .
The term is usually used for gray cast iron . There are two main types of cast iron : gray cast iron and white cast iron .
He defeated McCain in the election on November 4 by a wide electoral majority of 365 to 173 , meaning that he won the most votes in enough states to send 365 people to officially elect him .
The average annual rainfall is 1778 mm with average temperatures ranging between 25.5 Â C -LRB- 78 Â F -RRB- and 27.8 Â C -LRB- 82 Â F -RRB- .
Although now overshadowed by the Louisville Waterfront Park , Shawnee boasts an expansive Great Lawn which is very useful for formal gatherings .
In 1994 , the band won a Grammy for `` Best Hard Rock Performance '' for their song `` Plush '' .
The anime shows the adventures of Ash Ketchum , a 10-year-old PokÃ mon trainer who has many adventures , meeting many new people and PokÃ mon. . His most famous PokÃ mon , and probably the most famous PokÃ mon , is Pikachu .
Wenzhou was a prosperous foreign treaty port , which remains well-preserved today .
In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Harry , Ron and Hermione leave Hogwarts to complete Dumbledore 's task : to search for and destroy Voldemort 's remaining four Horcruxes , and then find and kill the Dark Lord .
Francium -LRB- ; formerly known as eka-caesium and actinium K -RRB- is a chemical element that has the symbol Fr and atomic number 87 .
It is the only station on the Morden branch of the Northern line whose name begins with a vowel . It is one of only two stations on the London Underground with only four letters in its name .
Other near-by towns or locations are :
They were of steeplecab design .
While he was still growing up , chancellor Niels Kaas and the Rigsraadet council served as trustees of the royal power .
The University of Arizona -LRB- also referred to as UA , U of A , or Arizona -RRB- is a land-grant and space-grant public institution of higher education and research located in Tucson , Arizona , United States . The University of Arizona was the first university in the state of Arizona , founded in 1885 -LRB- twenty-seven years before the Arizona Territory achieved statehood -RRB- .
After a season at Hertha BSC , he returned to MÃ nchengladbach , Kleff played two more years in the Bundesliga for his old club , joining local rival Fortuna DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf for two years in 1982 . After a fall-out with DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf he joined Rot-Wei Ã Oberhausen of the 2nd Bundesliga and was on the verge of becoming 40 years of age when he enjoyed one more year in the best German division with VfL Bochum .
It will need regular watering , but not as much attention as is needed in other climates .
; weekcolor : Colour of the week column , default is green .
He drove the # 34 Ford Thunderbird for Cicci-Welliver Racing , finishing 37th .
Most other uses such as for table ware , sanitary piping , or building decoration in freezing environments require that the material be glazed .
It was originally played as part of farm work , on rural holidays , at other village community-building events , and in shamanistic and Buddhistic rituals .
He was delegate for New Jersey to the Continental Congress where he signed the Declaration of Independence and later served in the United States House of Representatives in both the Second and Third United States Congress , from March 4 , 1791 , until his death in 1794 .
This is a stub .
Astley recorded `` Never Gonna Give You Up '' on his 1987 album Whenever You Need Somebody .
Anna was born at Flatbrookville , Walpack Township , New Jersey on July 25 , 1775 to Judge John Cleves Symmes and Anna Tuthill Symmes of Long Island .
Alta is a city in Buena Vista County , Iowa , United States .
He made the first modern trampoline in his garage to reproduce that net on a smaller scale and used it to help with his diving and tumbling activities .
The custom of gold-silver-bronze for the first three places dates from the 1904 games . It has been copied for many other sports events .
Stephen Black -LRB- March 31 , 1927 - June 12 , 2008 -RRB- was a professional ice hockey player from Thunder Bay , Ontario in the NHL .
In this final journey , two heroes return to finish the fight : Tahu , returned to his original form to wear the powerful Golden Armor , and Takanuva .
It was first named Bathurst after Henry Bathurst . The name was changed to Banjul in 1973 .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin .
She was mischievous and , I think , rarely -LRB- not often -RRB- tired .
Pierre-Luc Gagnon , sometimes known as `` PLG '' for short -LRB- born May 2 , 1980 in Boucherville , Quebec -RRB- is a Canadian professional skateboarder .
The rebec was mostly used for dance music .
Articulate brachiopods , in particular , largely replaced trilobites in shelf communities .
Some texts do not invoke the gods , but merely list the targets of the curse , the crimes or conditions when the curse is valid , and\/or the intended ill to befall them .
Machine code or machine language is a system of instructions and data executed directly by a computer 's central processing unit .
The oldest part of the building is the aquarium which was part of Dr Cockers ' Menagarie and Aquarium in the 1870s .
In his 2004 book Two Sides of the Moon , Alexey Leonov recounts that he was flying a helicopter in the same area that day when he heard `` two loud booms in the distance . ''
The pit entry was then modified before Saturday 's official Qualifying round .
The company was formed as Lotus Engineering Ltd. by engineer Colin Chapman , a graduate of University College , London , in 1952 .
Railway Gazette International traces its history to May 1835 as The Railway Magazine .
They are an extinct group of ammonoid , which are shelled cephalopods related to squids , belemnites , octopuses , and cuttlefish , and more distantly to the nautiloids .
-LRB- This the includeonly portion of the sample template .
Katrina continued to move into Florida , and became a Category 1 hurricane only two hours before it made landfall around Hallandale Beach on the morning of August 25 .
The 1955 diesel locomotive classes are given in brackets where applicable .
Excuses were sought , or invented : the official version had it that the Seleucids broke faith first .
Sphecomyrma was probably a ground forager but some suggest on the basis of groups such as the Leptanillinae and Martialinae that primitive ants were likely to have been predators underneath the surface of the soil .
If not , one has paid the fee , and presumably this can pay for landfill or litter control measures that dispose of say a broken bottle .
RancÃ is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Events have been organized as dance parties , concerts , and meditations , however , the only mandatory observance is a synchronized mass awareness of the human right to enjoy life , and the display of regard , kindness and hospitality in a means of choice .
Its capital is Linz .
In those cases the rank of grand cross may come after another rank -LRB- e.g. the Portuguese Order of Saint James of the Sword -RRB- .
The Klingon version of the Epic of Gilgamesh , translated by Roger Cheesbro , with an introduction of Lawrence M. Schoen .
From this point onwards , he went on to direct several hits like Zarqa , Shaheed , Farangi , and Yeh Aman .
If such a passage is further quoted in another publication , then all of their forms have to be shifted over by one level .
Further , some instant messaging software is designed to play a sound upon receiving certain emoticons .
Keswick is a city of Iowa in the United States .
In 1995 , Tesco overtook Sainsbury 's to become the market leader , and Asda became the second largest in 2003 , demoting Sainsbury 's into third place .
Pneumatics uses an easily compressible gas such as air or a suitable pure gas , while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil .
Franklin sang in church at an early age and learned how to play piano by ear .
The V Olympic Winter Games eventually took place in St. Moritz , Switzerland , in 1948 ; Cortina d'Ampezzo hosted the 1956 Winter Olympics .
Chelfham and Woody Bay are both owned by the new L&B .
In 2004 , Harris Scarfe bought the Allens group of seven department and five homewares stores . They continued to trade under the Allens name in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory , until 2008 when they got merged with Harris Scarfe .
The two had constant confrontations in the following weeks over the legitimacy of Punk 's reign before they met at The Bash in a match that saw Punk get disqualified for striking the referee , leading to Hardy attacking Punk for what he saw as dodging competition -LRB- a title can not change hands on a disqualification -RRB- .
Internally , the article history could record a hacking as a `` Try '' followed by an `` Erase '' so that the list of revisions would not show either transaction under the `` History '' tab when listing all the true revisions .
A funnel cloud is a funnel-shaped cloud of condensed water droplets , associated with a rotating column of wind and extending from the base of a cloud -LRB- usually a cumulonimbus or towering cumulus cloud -RRB- but not reaching the ground or a water surface .
IsmaÃ l Aissati -LRB- born 16 August 1988 -RRB- is a Dutch football player .
which is easier to remember as `` BAC minus CAB '' , keeping in mind which vectors are dotted together .
Its county seat is Claremore .
From the beginning , Christians were subject to various persecutions .
Note that the '' '' field includes the leading `` d '' in the `` Person-ID '' key .
Since the 18th century , Worcester Cathedral Choir has taken part in the Three Choirs Festival , the oldest music festival in the world .
Tennessee fans even developed a catch phrase for Dodd during his time there : `` In Dodd we trust . ''
As of 2000 , the population was 13,327 .
Michaels then climbed on the top of the ladder and executed a diving elbow drop .
The good news is that good changes will be seen a large number of times .
Under the common law in the United States , merchants are held to a higher standard in the selling of products than those who are not engaged in the sale of goods as a profession .
Agnew spent most of the 1986 â `` 87 in the American Hockey League , although he did receive a four-game stretch with the Canucks .
Following his university education he found employment with Aer Lingus , the state airline of Ireland , in 1947 and became an authority on the strategic economic planning of transport .
In the spring of 1968 , National SDS activists led an effort on the campuses called `` Ten Days of Resistance '' and local chapters held rallies , marches , sit-ins and teach-ins , ending in a one-day strike on April 26 .
Elsewhere , Hurricane Rosa killed several people in Mexico .
The Hush Sound is an indie rock band originally known as The Hush .
Gouvy is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
The sea floor below the break is the continental slope .
Although it is an organization of the United States , the World Meteorological Organization has designated the NHC as Regional Specialized Meteorological Center for the North Atlantic and eastern and central Pacific Ocean .
If one sings to qin songs -LRB- which is rare nowadays -RRB- then one should not sing in an operatic or folk style as is common in China , but rather in a very low pitched and deep way ; and the range in which one should sing should not exceed one and a half octaves .
Vladimir Horowitz died on November 5 , 1989 in New York of a heart attack , aged 86 .
Leeds United A.F.C. is an English football club based in Leeds , West Yorkshire . They play their home matches at a stadium called Elland Road .
Unfortunately , Windows XP requires the installation of a vendor-specific driver even if AHCI is present on the host bus adapter .
Below is the list of Wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the Charlotte Bobcats NBA team .
The per capita income for the city was $ 22,667 .
There is a little bit of vanadium in vitamins just to make sure that we do not get sick -LRB- in case our body does need vanadium -RRB- .
Cuttlefish eat small molluscs , crabs , shrimp , fish , octopuses , worms , and other cuttlefish . Their predators include dolphins , sharks , fish , seals and other cuttlefish .
Historically , Malay has been written in various types of script .
X-Men : The Last Stand is a 2006 movie .
Gary Lee Weinrib , OC , better known as Geddy Lee -LRB- born July 29 , 1953 -RRB- , is a Canadian musician , best known as the lead vocalist , bassist , and keyboardist for the Canadian rock group Rush .
Its purpose is to ensure that all ln-template looks the same .
He studied at Berklee College of Music , Boston , and California Institute of the Arts and has collaborated with musicians such as David Lee Roth .
An independent municipality , the city is not part of any province , and its population as of 2008 is just over one million .
Ibn SÄ `` nÄ wrote almost 450 treatises on a wide range of subjects , of which around 240 have survived .
This template should be substed .
As early as the 13th century , inhabitants of the southern 2\/3 of Jura spoke a dialect of Arpitan language .
Since MacGuffin is a Feistel network , decryption is easy ; simply run the encryption algorithm in reverse .
Farms in the county are known for breeding champion race horses such as Affirmed and Needles .
Sturgeon died on May 8 , 1985 , of lung fibrosis , in Eugene , Oregon .
That same night , Triple H also became a top contender to the WWE Championship by defeating five other men in an Elimination Chamber match , which featured wrestlers fighting in a ring surrounded by chains and girders .
He describes his shock and grief in his poem Ã Villequier :
The original suggested choice of parameters were a block size of 64 bits , a 128-bit key and 12 rounds .
On September 23 the area of low pressure rapidly strengthened into Tropical Depression Fifteen , due to the favorable conditions . It quickly became Tropical Storm Matthew later that day .
In Montolieu 's Pride and Prejudice , liveliness conversations -LRB- talks -RRB- between Elizabeth and Darcy were replaced by calm , proper ones .
Suleiman I -LRB- ; SuleymÄ n , Modern Turkish : SÃ 1\/4 leyman , almost always Kanuni Sultan SÃ 1\/4 leyman ; 6 November 1494 - 5\/6\/7 September 1566 -RRB- was the tenth and longest-reigning Sultan of the Ottoman Empire , from 1520 to his death in 1566 .
To the west of Kosovo are the countries Albania and Montenegro .
His sons took part in the adventures of the Calypso .
It is located approximately 18 km southwest of Baden-Baden and 19 km northeast of Offenburg .
She was born in Paris as Marie Henriette Bernardt , the daughter of Julie Bernardt and a Dutch father .
The 156 a Auburn University Research Park is currently under construction .
Hominid takes place several million years ago in the Central African region between rainforest and savanna .
Finally , in 1770 , when she was twenty years old , she was allowed to leave the convent and marry her younger cousin , the duc de Bourbon , the son and heir of Louis Joseph de Bourbon , Prince of CondÃ and his wife Charlotte Ã lisabeth Godefride de Rohan .
Sarah Bernhardt has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street .
Le Quesnoy-en-Artois is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
A satellite , designated S\/2005 -LRB- 809 -RRB- 1 , was identified based on lightcurve observations in 2005 .
For example Tanunda has four , Nuriootpa has two and Angaston has two .
She breaks the rule of having only two companions on a quest by choosing Percy , Grover , and Tyson .
Officially known as Collegium Sanctae Mariae prope Wintoniam -LRB- or Collegium Beatae Mariae Wintoniensis prope Winton -RRB- , or St Mary 's College near Winchester , the school is sometimes referred to by pupils , former pupils and others as `` Win : Coll : '' , and is more widely referred to as just `` Winchester '' .
Spencer was the first woman mayor of Huntsville , and the first woman mayor of one of Alabama 's `` four main cities , '' which also include Birmingham , Mobile and Montgomery . When Spencer was first elected mayor in 1996 , she was the co-owner of a local funeral home .
This process is called hematopoiesis .
The show ended in 1994 , but late in 1995 Timberlake recruited Chasez to be in an all-male singing group organized by boy band manager Lou Pearlman that eventually became ` N Sync .
Before he worked at Alabama , Bryant was head football coach at University of Maryland , the University of Kentucky , and Texas A&M University .
As can be seen in the figure , if the top client has a copy of a memory block from a previous read and the bottom client changes that memory block , the top client could be left with an invalid cache of memory , without knowing .
Managing and operating on frequency tabulated data is much simpler than operation on raw data .
A graphic novel that features variations of existing mobile suits , Mobile Suit Gundam 00V , which was serialized in Hobby Japan , is told in the format of a mobile suit development history book published 20 years after the anime series , featuring photo guides of customized models .
They travel to the Garden of Hesperides , where ZoÃ `` meets her sisters and is poisoned by the dragon Ladon .
Later , the term was also borrowed for a second meaning , the é é -- -LRB- Pinyin : bÃ shÇ ' u , Japanese bushu , Korean busu -RRB- .
For example , it took Tazz assisting Raven at InVasion for Raven to beat William Regal .
It should be noted that , while the song was extremely popular in the United States , even reaching hit number 26 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay , the lack of a commercial single single-handedly stopped the song from charting on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Amber Nicole Benson -LRB- b. January 8 , 1977 -RRB- is an American actress , writer , film director , and film producer .
He is best known for his time in Ring of Honor -LRB- ROH -RRB- , where he is a former ROH World Champion .
Siegen is a city in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia .
The Cattle Egret feeds on a wide range of prey , particularly insects , especially grasshoppers , crickets , flies -LRB- adults and maggots -RRB- , and moths , as well as spiders , frogs , and earthworms .
Columbus founded his production company named 1492 Pictures in 1995 , intended as a play to Columbus 's more famous namesake , Christopher Columbus .
Dracovenator was a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in southern Africa during the Early Jurassic period , about 185 million years ago .
The expansion of copyright and copyright term are mirrored in the rhetoric that has been employed in referring to copyright .
While with the Red Wings in 2002 , HaÅ ek became the first European starting goaltender to win the Stanley Cup .
According to the Glaise von Horstenau reports , Hitler was angry with PaveliÄ whose policy inflamed the rebellion in Croatia - by which Hitler lost ability to engage the Independent State of Croatia forces on the Eastern Front .
Pryor Creek , usually known as simply Pryor , is a city in Mayes County , Oklahoma , United States .
An early examples of this is the Brooklyn Superbas , who started to use a blue pattern for their road uniforms in 1907 .
Daniel Johnston , born 1961 , is an American songwriter , singer , and artist who lives in Texas .
To the Baker Street to Stanmore part a new four-kilometre part into central London was added , terminating at a new station at Charing Cross railway station .
Microsoft introduced transaction tracking via the journaling feature in NTFS .
She explains that if she tells and Michael gets in trouble , she will be the first one he will suspect .
The year 1861 in architecture involved some significant events .
Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved that allow vertebrate B cells to generate a diverse pool of antibodies from a relatively small number of antibody genes .
It quickly dissipated later that same day .
He again won the Best Actor Award again at the 43rd Golden Horse Awards on November 24 , 2006 for his role in the film After This Our Exile .
He moved from Illinois to New Paltz , New York and his interest in spiders has earned him the nickname of Spider Boy from Illinois given to him by the class bully .
Rugrats ended on Tuesday June 8 , 2004 , along with fellow Nicktoon Hey Arnold ! .
Craig Claiborne , in September 1967 , wrote a column in The New York Times Magazine about a letter he had received from Edward P. Montgomery , an American then residing in France . In it , Montgomery related that the dish was created by Commodore E.C. Benedict , a banker and yachtsman , who died in 1920 at the age of 86 .
It is the central London railway terminus for suburban First Capital Connect services from Hertford , Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth and was , until March 2009 , a terminus for trains on the Thameslink line , also run by First Capital Connect .
The bottom 37 floors of the Burj Khalifa skyscraper in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , will have the world 's first Armani Hotel , and Giorgio Armani is also designing the inside of the skyscraper .
The median income for a household in the city is $ 62,550 , and the median income for a family is $ 67,500 .
Barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate with coke , carbon black or tar .
In addition they are granted great powers over the enemy and their names are written in heaven .
Brumby was replaced as leader by Steve Bracks in March , 1999 .
Gibsons is a Canadian city in British Columbia , Canada .
The European eel and other freshwater eels are eaten in Europe , the United States , and other places .
Carmit Bachar -LRB- born September 4 , 1974 -RRB- is an American singer and actress .
About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu , trying to release the pressure through spillway .
Some members of the band currently work as ministers for Eagles Landing First Baptist Church .
The user , typically a child , climbs to the top of the slide via a ladder or stairs and sits down on the top of the slide and `` slides '' down the slide .
Syncopation has been an important element of musical composition since at least the Middle Ages .
The `` Justice fountain '' -LRB- Gerechtskeitbrunnen -RRB- was built in 1634 , and is made of French limestone ; it includes a statue of Lady Justice made of sandstone , hence the name .
Typically , they insert external links .
Those who have the formal power to create legislation are known as legislators , the judicial branch of government may have the formal power to interpret legislation .
-LRB- It does not matter if there are no or some spaces at the end of the lines , after the templates . -RRB-
Many of Russia 's current rockets can only be launched from Baikonour Cosmodrome in Kazakshtan .
Karthikeyan won the A1GP of Zhuhai -LRB- China -RRB- for Team India on 16 December 2007 .
It runs buses in the city of Leicester , England .
Ernman is a versatile artist in her field , who outside the world of opera and operettas also has performed chansons , cabaret , jazz , appeared in musicals and she is a performer who 's declared that she 's very much attracted to the attributes of varitÃ theater and small , intimate stage rooms .
As of 2000 , the population was 69,451 .
In 2007 , U.S. News & World Report ranked Hamilton the 17th best liberal arts college in the United States .
Huckleberry is a name used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in the family Ericaceae : Gaylussacia and Vaccinium .
Baxter is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
Paul Hermann MÃ 1\/4 ller -LRB- January 12 , 1899 â `` October 12 , 1965 -RRB- was an Swiss chemist .
The bunker itself still had its communication and signals equipment .
The Rugby Union club , Leeds St John 's formed in 1870 , however in 1895 , when many teams broke off to form Rugby League , the club also switched codes .
A tropical cyclone was sighted east of Jamaica on August 14 .
The game is preceded by Advance Wars 2 : Black Hole Rising and Advance Wars and succeeded by Advance Wars : Days of Ruin .
It earned $ 10.5 million from advertisers , while its host was paid more than $ 500,000 .
Woods County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Within the henge is a great outer circle .
The history of fortified buildings reaches from antiquity to modern times .
AndrÃ RenÃ Roussimoff -LRB- May 19 , 1946 â `` January 27 , 1993 -RRB- was a professional wrestler that wrestled for the WWF .
The prelature of Opus Dei has priests and also ordinary lay people .
Hendecourt-l Ã s-Ransart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On April 1 , 1998 , Rochester-upon-Medway and Gillingham joined together to became the new unitary authority of Medway .
Victor Hugo was a prolific visual artist , producing more than 4,000 drawings in his lifetime .
During the period of Danish rule in the 11th century a standing fleet was maintained by taxation , and this continued for a time under the restored English regime of Edward the Confessor , who frequently commanded fleets in person .
Class AM1 was allocated to the prototype AC electric multiple units , converted from fourth-rail DC electric stock in 1952 and used on the Lancaster\/Morecambe\/Heysham route .
Paul ErdÅ ` s , also PÃ l ErdÅ ` s , in English Paul Erdos or Paul ErdÃ s -LRB- March 26 , 1913 â `` September 20 , 1996 -RRB- , was a famous Hungarian-born mathematician .
The opposite of these sins are the seven virtues -LRB- chastity , moderation , charity , zeal , meekness , generosity , and humility -RRB- in corresponding order to the above seven deadly sins .
Don Facundo began attempting to `` tame '' rum . After experimenting with several techniques he hit upon filtering the rum through charcoal , which removed impurities .
These addresses are usually called the Media Access Control address or MAC address .
In 2003 , Benson worked with Golden , Terry Moore , and Eric Powell of Dark Horse Comics to create the Buffy the Vampire Slayer : Willow and Tara comic book titled WannaBlessedBe .
Tutorial classes have been launched to improve junior form students ' proficiency in both English and Chinese languages as well as Mathematics .
Section 109 provides that , where a State law is inconsistent with a federal law , the federal law prevails -LRB- to the extent of the inconsistency -RRB- .
Most organisms metabolize tellurium partly to form dimethyl telluride although dimethyl ditelluride is also formed by some species .
It commonly refers to the radioactive dust created when a nuclear weapon explodes .
Anna Kournikova and Martina Hingis were presented with the WTA Award for Doubles Team of the Year .
Charley offers Willy a job , but Willy refuses . He felt bad for Willy 's bad financial situation , so he gives Willy money each week that Willy pretends is his pay .
Celles-l Ã s-Cond Ã is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Boeing 717 is a jet engine airliner made by McDonnell Douglas .
Kakadu National Park is located within the Alligator Rivers Region of the Northern Territory of Australia .
As a child , he and his brother Lech KaczyÅ ski starred in the 1962 Polish movie The Two Who Stole The Moon `` O dwÃ ch takich , co ukradli ksiÄ Å 1\/4 yc '' , based on a popular Polish children 's story by Kornel MakuszyÅ ski .
His activity in favor of evolution , and his public work on scientific education , had a big effect on society in Britain and elsewhere .
Lightning Bar was sired by Three Bars , a Thoroughbred stallion later inducted into the AQHA Hall of Fame .
Hell rarely plays music live , concentrating instead on writing and spoken-word performances .
The genre also includes games that measure both rhythm and pitch , in order to test a player 's singing ability .
This form of the Apostles ' Creed can be found incorporated into the Eucharistic and Baptismal Liturgies in the Hymnal and in The United Methodist Book of Worship , and hence it is growing in popularity and use .
The main draws took place between the 23 and 29 January 2011 .
Shawn Machel Johnson -LRB- born January 19 , 1992 -RRB- is an American artistic gymnast .
Kim Do-Hoon -LRB- born 21 July 1970 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player .
Missouri 's capital is Jefferson City .
He played bad in three games before injuring his groin . He was then replaced by former starter Josh McCown .
Ligny-l Ã s-Aire is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Longfellow 's friend Oliver Wendell Holmes , Sr. wrote of him as `` our chief singer '' and one who `` wins and warms ... kindles , softens , cheers -LRB- and -RRB- calms the wildest woe and stays the bitterest tears ! ''
Storey resigned after criticism from league president Campbell , and the Black Hawks would sent Lewicki to the minors .
They agreed to meet in New York , where MÃ xima was working for Dresdner Kleinwort Benson , two weeks later .
The experience point -LRB- XP -RRB- system is different than the old Vegas , for every kill achieved the player gains XP .
Whittier is also popular with tourists , sport fishermen and hunters .
Afterward , the band took a slot opening for Guns N ' Roses in North America on the band 's Use Your Illusion Tour .
It is named after Abu l-Hasan Ali , or Muley HacÃ n as he is known in Spanish , the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century , who according to legend was buried on the summit of the mountain .
If there is only one course and it is the main meal of the day , then it is called dinner .
Melinda Marie Doolittle -LRB- born October 6 , 1977 -RRB- is an American singer , best known for being the third-place finalist on American Idol .
He called it the Supreme House of Justice . His son , ` Abdu ` l-Bah Ã called it the Universal House of Justice , because it was going to lead all of the BahÃ ' Ã s. There will be other `` Houses of Justice '' for each country and city , but for now these are called `` Spiritual Assemblies . ''
Young Hesperornis grew fairly quickly and continuously to adulthood , as is the case in modern birds .
Tate is used as the name for the corporation which was started by the Museums and Galleries Act 1992 as The Board of Trustees of the Tate Gallery .
As a consequence it disposed of its construction division , which was sold to O'Rourke in 2001 , its property developments divisions , which were sold to Kier Group , and its house building arm which was sold to George Wimpey in 2002 .
Fiesco feels great remorse and tells Boccanegra about the poison .
He also recommended the use of cauterization for the area treated if necessary .
Bouy-sur-Orvin is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
LibÃ ration -LRB- affectionately known as LibÃ -RRB- is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris by Jean-Paul Sartre and Serge July in 1973 in the wake of the protest movements of May 1968 .
An analogy that might be helpful , to consider , is the way pets behave when meeting others : a dog is very likely to growl and bark at someone they have never met , yet become extremely friendly and cooperative several months later .
He taught that black people were the original people of the world , and that white people were a race of devils .
These cities were Istanbul , Lille , Rio de Janeiro , San Juan , Seville , and Saint Petersburg .
It was split from Monte Cristi province in 1938 , and was called Libertador until 1961 .
More important , there are a bunch of plain brilliant tracks where Manson anoints bits of rock history into his own church . ''
The company also hosts an annual holiday book drive to collect books for disadvantaged children .
Years later , she would reflect fondly about the time that she spent with Lower , whom she affectionately called `` Aunt Ana '' .
Sherman said that Motorola was making preparations to pay $ 5,000,000 to teach workers reading and other basic skills , and that , since 1982 , Ford Motor Company had already sent 32,000 workers on a similar program .
Some of these fossils are on display at the Natural History Museum of Islamabad .
The genus Neofelis contains two species , the Clouded Leopard -LRB- N. nebulosa -RRB- and the Bornean Clouded Leopard -LRB- N. diardi -RRB- .
Nantua is a commune .
They started calling her `` Miley '' because she was so smiley .
Dysprosium is a chemical element with the symbol Dy and atomic number 66 .
Slaughters is a city in Webster County , Kentucky , United States .
It can be found in the commune of Rouze , in the AriÃ ge dÃ partement .
After the Olympics , Thorpe played professional baseball and football .
British Rail allocated the number E1000 -LRB- and later E2001 -RRB- to the locomotive following its conversion from gas turbine propulsion .
Their first album , `` Who Said La La ? ''
They are based on the design of a sport jersey -LRB- usually Australian Rules Football or Association Football -RRB- , feature school colors , the year the students graduate , and a personalised nickname .
Both systems have the same rules regarding question marks , exclamation points , colons and semicolons .
Las Meninas is set in VelÃ zquez 's studio in Philip IV 's AlcÃ zar palace in Madrid .
The nearest villages are Hopesay and Aston-on-Clun .
Coscoroba Swan Coscoroba coscoroba Molina is a distant relative of the true swan .
On the dock , Homer finds an abandoned fishing pole and a small rowboat .
The median income per member of household for this particular group was $ 27,924 .
For example , 1 represents the year 1 , the 10s , the 1st century or the 1st millennium -LRB- depending on the first parameter -RRB- .
He studied mitosis , both in life and in stained preparations , using as the source of biological material the fins and gills of salamanders .
Meanwhile , on Raw , fans were immersed in the feud between WWF owner Vince McMahon and Steve Austin .
Rake was founded by Arent A. Rake , a native of Norway .
Most of them are solitary and nocturnal .
He eventually wound up creating the ship in the image of a firefly .
They isolated DNA from a virulent strain of S. pneumoniae and using just this DNA were able to make a harmless strain virulent .
He earned a bachelor 's degree from Jackson State University in Mississippi and a Master 's degree and an Ed . D from Indiana University Bloomington .
If digits are added or removed from the message during transmission , synchronisation is lost .
In 2008 , he returned to the DTM-series as a driver for the Audi Futurecom TME-team .
The team is based in Bridgeport , Connecticut and play their home games at the Webster Bank Arena .
von rechtmÃ ssigen ordnungen in Burgerlichen vnd peinlichen regimenten .
It is an act of completion of a commercial activity .
Inaugurated in 2002 , and has 145 meters in height and 35 floors , making it one of the largest in the country and most modern high-rise in Latin America .
During the 1951 season , Robinson led the National League in double plays made by a second baseman for the second year in a row , with 137 .
She is best known for playing the character Cordelia Chase in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off Angel , for which she was nominated for four Saturn Awards .
Robinson 's performance soon improved .
LaubriÃ res is a commune of 248 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Many protists take the form of single-celled flagellates .
Nobuyuki Kato -LRB- born 2 January 1920 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Tracks 1 , 7 , 12 and 20 are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
A second fire in 1494 was set by the sons of a hanged thief .
The Arctic Circle is one way to say what part of the Earth is in the Arctic . The North Pole is in the center of the Arctic Circle .
Seeking help , they visit the Great Owl .
Boards of Canada -LRB- commonly abbreviated BoC -RRB- are a Scottish electronic music duo consisting of brothers Mike Sandison -LRB- born June 1 , 1970 -RRB- and Marcus Eoin -LRB- born July 21 , 1971 -RRB- .
The architectural development of the city ended in the 18th century , when the city began to expand beyond its -LRB- still existing -RRB- wall .
Moulay is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
He saw soldiers eating chocolate pellets with hard chocolate shells . He decided to make his own chocolate candies .
The inhabitants were affected by the earthquake disaster on 8 October 2005 .
Botvinnik strongly influenced the design of the system which would be used for World Championship competition from 1948 to 1963 .
Kirk Hammett -LRB- born November 18 , 1962 -RRB- is the lead guitarist for the band Metallica .
There are plans to hold the festival every year .
While FSF was never a party to the lawsuit , FSF was subpoenaed on November 5 , 2003 .
Some engineering students and engineers carried ten-inch slide rules in belt holsters , and even into the mid 1970s this was a common sight on campuses .
The following year , six days before the start of the 1947 season , the Dodgers brought Robinson up to the major leagues .
The Chapman edition has been the basis for all editions of Austen 's works after that .
His work in theoretical particle physics exerted great influence on the development of the standard model in the late 20th century especially on the renormalization of elecro-weak model and the gauge theory .
From 1990 to 1991 , Sarrazin worked for the Treuhand .
He had also called on Americans to `` reject the immoral acts of fornication and homosexuality , intoxicants -LRB- e.g. alcohol -RRB- , gambling , and usury '' in an October 2002 letter .
Bega spent time in Miami during his teenage years .
Shangrila Lake or Lower Kachura Lake is a part of the Shangrila resort located at a drive of about 20 minutes from Skardu -LRB- nearly 2,500 m or 8,200 feet -RRB- town .
Lobbes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The main storyline on the SmackDown !
A player who wants to carry the ball for more than three steps has to bounce or balance the ball on the end of the stick , and the ball can only be handled twice while in his possession .
The body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- , or Quetelet index , is a heuristic proxy for human body fat based on an individual 's weight and height . BMI does not actually measure the percentage of body fat .
South Shore is the southern coastal area of Blackpool on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire , England . It has many people and a number of tourist spots .
The 2004 population is estimated at 3,596 .
Territories include the Ã
Malcom is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The Indian news agencies PTI , the Indian Express and Zee News all reported that Shahi was living and based in the United Kingdom .
Bairstow 's compositions are mainly for the church .
The Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson is located in the town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County , New York on the North Shore of Long Island .
This led to a serious and ongoing shock to the island 's fragile economy , which is heavily dependent on foreign tourism .
In railway timetables 24:00 means the end of the day .
In Finland , Korvatunturi in has long been known as Santa 's home , and two theme parks , Santa Claus Village and Santa Park are located near Rovaniemi .
He spent his childhood and adolescence in Santa Rosa de Toay , Argentina .
Tenontosaurus is a genus of medium - to large-sized ornithopod dinosaur .
He patented this solution , and sold it as Condy 's Fluid .
When the Liberal Party and its predecessors -LRB- the Nationalist Party and the United Australia Party -RRB- have been in coalition with the National Party or its predecessor the Country Party , the leader of the junior Coalition party has had the right to nominate his party 's members of the Coalition ministry , and to be consulted by the Prime Minister on the allocation of their portfolios .
After one game with the Mission , Leveque was released .
Hind suggested that the symbol for the asteroid should be `` A dove carrying an olive-branch , with a star on its head '' , but an actual drawing of the symbol was never made before the use of graphical symbols to represent asteroids was dropped entirely .
The Orange Bowl Game is a American college football bowl game at the Dolphin Stadium .
Barbirolli is remembered above all as conductor of the HallÃ Orchestra in Manchester , which he helped save from dissolution in 1943 and conducted for the rest of his life .
Parfouru-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
By partitioning a large device into several partitions it is possible to isolate various types of data from one another , and allow the coexistence of two or more operating systems simultaneously .
The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the St. Louis Blues four games to none in the final series .
Antimony is stable in air at room temperature but reacts with oxygen if heated to form antimony trioxide , Sb2O3 .
Austin stole Kurt Angle 's medals during one of the shows , and on the August 30 edition of SmackDown !
Shunsuke Oyama is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ehime F.C. .
Weak thunderstorms can produce lightning that starts a fire . These fires are often left to burn if they are far away from where people live .
The Mongol Empire conquered a large part of Asia in the 13th century , an area extending from China to Europe .
The first European to reach the region may have been the Spaniard Alonso de Ojeda in 1499 .
Sri Krishnadevaraya -LRB- Kannada : à à à à à à à à à # à à à à à 3\/4 à , Telugu : à à à à à à à à à # à à à à à 3\/4 à -RRB- -LRB- 1509-1529 CE -RRB- was the most famous king of Vijayanagara Empire .
This doctrine is known as the compact theory .
When he goes to her castle , she is angry that he came alone and without his siblings .
Jeezy appeared on the R&B singles `` Love in this Club '' by Usher and `` I 'm So Paid '' by Akon -LRB- also with Lil Wayne -RRB- .
Laffaux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Albanian Wikipedia is the Albanian language edition of Wikipedia started on October 12 , 2003 .
The family migrated to Australia in 1966 , settling in Adelaide .
Livingstone responded by saying `` the form of words I have used are right .
In special processes called renewal processes , where the time to recover from failure can be neglected and the likelihood of failure remains constant with respect to time , the failure rate is simply the multiplicative inverse of the MTBF -LRB- 1 \/ Î '' -RRB- .
Water from these rivers come from the granitic areas and is very pure .
Bishara was awarded the â Ibn Rushd ` Averroes ' Prize for Freedom of Thoughtâ for the year 2002 in Berlin , and the Global Exchange Human Rights Award for the year 2003 in San Francisco .
16th-century troops armed with a heavy version of the arquebus called a musket were specialists supporting the arquebusiers and pikemen formations .
Noah Andrew Ringer -LRB- born November 18 , 1996 -RRB- is an American teen actor and martial arts practitioner . He starred as Aang in the 2010 film The Last Airbender .
The arena opened in 1994 , and right now the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- and the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- play there .
Some species have at least 16 different photoreceptor types , which are divided into four classes -LRB- their spectral sensitivity is further tuned by color filters in the retinas -RRB- , 12 of them for color analysis in the different wavelengths -LRB- including four which are sensitive to ultraviolet light -RRB- and four of them for analyzing polarised light .
Chrisman is a city in Ross Township , Edgar County , Illinois , United States .
England has no official anthem and so uses the British National Anthem `` God Save the Queen '' , also an unofficial anthem , for some national occasions , such as before English international football matches .
Before the court decision , China said that other nations should `` respect China 's judicial sovereignty and to not do things that will interfere in China 's internal affairs . ''
Giardia lamblia -LRB- synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis -RRB- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
The `` North Star '' represents the state motto : Dirigo -LRB- `` I Lead '' -RRB- .
The album was produced by Timbaland and Danja -LRB- who produced a bulk of the album -RRB- , will .
` Invasion Day ' has been widely used to describe the alternative Indigenous observance of Australia Day . Although some Indigenous Australians celebrate Australia Day , Invasion Day protests occur almost every year .
All true algae therefore have a nucleus enclosed within a membrane and chloroplasts bound in one or more membranes .
The Ottawa Senators met the Toronto Maple Leafs for the fourth time in five years in the always passion-filled Battle of Ontario .
Deutsche Einigkeit , meine StÃ rke - meine StÃ rke , Deutschlands Macht .
Over 700 of the inmates are said to have lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944 .
White Hart Lane station in Tottenham was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway : it opened on 22 July 1872 .
In coalition with the former `` Plural Left '' , they gained power in 20 of the 22 metropolitan regions -LRB- all except Alsace and Corsica -RRB- and in the four overseas regions .
It was also the official global mobile phone carrier for the 2006 FIFA World Cup -LRB- football -RRB- in Germany .
, after Mysterio expressed his feelings about being World Heavyweight Champion , JBL came out and declared himself the number one contender .
Autolycus of Pitane -LRB- c. 360 BC â `` c. 290 BC -RRB- was a Greek astronomer , mathematician , and geographer .
It is also revealed that Snape did not kill Albus Dumbledore , but carried out Dumbledore 's prearranged plan .
Whedon and Tim Minear closeted themselves for the weekend to write what became the new pilot , `` The Train Job '' .
As the development of drives continued , it became apparent that reliability was a problem and systems using RAID technology evolved .
The Icelandic alphabet is notable for its retention of two old letters which no longer exist in the English alphabet : Ã , Ã 3\/4 -LRB- Ã 3\/4 orn , anglicised as `` thorn '' -RRB- and Ã , Ã -LRB- eÃ , anglicised as `` eth '' or `` edh '' -RRB- , representing the voiceless and voiced `` th '' sounds as in English thin and this respectively .
India and other countries did not agree to this language , saying social and religious customs and that wild-growing cannabis plants being available in many places , that would make it difficult to enforce , so this never made it into the final treaty .
This new version of the original toy increased its maximum score to 200 .
If you need to link a show , use Template : Ibdb title instead .
The start of the game was announced as a surprise to the players , who were told that they would be playing in the clothes on their backs , most thinking they were getting publicity shots before the game started , and that no more supplies would be given to them .
Barium hydroxide is used in titrations . If sodium hydroxide solution is used , some sodium carbonate may be in there .
These packages were created by Bill Reynolds , a packager better known as Texstar .
By 1924 , three-cushion had become so popular that two giants in other billiard disciplines agreed to take up the game especially for a challenge match .
Frozen pot pies are often sold in individual serving size .
0.87 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
The city of Ririe was named for one its first homesteaders , David Ririe .
Fenrir or Saturn XLI -LRB- provisional designation S\/2004 S 16 -RRB- is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Further , each State has its own constitution , so that Australia has seven sovereign Parliaments , none of which can encroach on the functions of any other .
For Stowe , blood relations rather than paternalistic relations between masters and slaves formed the basis of families .
Basil , like other aromatic plants such as fennel and tarragon , contains estragole , a known carcinogen and teratogen in rats and mice .
The length of the minor arc of great circle is taken as the distance of two points on a surface of a sphere , namely great-circle distance . The great circles are the geodesics of the sphere .
In 2008 , she starred in the comedy film Baby Mama , alongside former SNL co-star Amy Poehler .
Pulitzer shifted its focus to human-interest stories , scandal , and sensationalism .
Many of the Aegean islands , or chains of islands , are part of the mountain ranges on the mainland .
Pickup trucks have different shapes , sizes , and uses . Sometimes people would go ride in the back of the trucks to work .
Taraki was president of Afghanistan in 1978 and 1979 .
In 1964 , following a reform of the foundational statute , Gimnasia 's shield adopted a simpler form , while still keeping the essence of the original one .
In 1993 , Monarch Airlines introduced the first Airbus A320-200 aircraft into its fleet and in 1997 introduced the first Airbus A321-200 into the fleet . The Airbus A320-200s and Airbus A321-200s eventually replaced the airline 's Boeing 737-300s .
The bar and ribbon are the same so that a person with the award can be recognized easily .
The city is in the meeting point of the Contas River and the Ã gua-Branca River -LRB- White-water River -RRB- .
Ditka was the only person to take part in the last two Chicago Bears ' championships , as a player in 1963 and as head coach in 1985 .
Vaughan Williams was very pleased with their recording of his oboe concerto .
After Capablanca 's death , Alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory , since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to Capablanca , and he suggested that Capablanca had been over-confident .
As soon as one crosses a river , a different but closely related species appears .
Initial conception for Halo 3 was done before the game 's predecessor , Halo 2 was released in 2004 .
Whether the other parameters are required or not depend on the chart being referenced .
LÃ ognan is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Reported as saying `` the opportunity is too great and the prize too wonderful to miss ... the chance to represent London and speak for Londoners '' , he resigned as Shadow Minister for Higher Education .
They are distinguished in two respects : they were the earliest known jawed vertebrates , and they had stout spines supporting their fins , fixed in place and non-movable -LRB- like a shark 's dorsal fin -RRB- .
Due to the illegal tactics of FBI agents involved with the program , government attorneys requested all weapons - and bomb-related charges be dropped against the Weather Underground , including charges against Ayers .
The BBWAA began asking three writers in each league city in 1938 . They made that number two per league city in 1961 .
The NBC Symphony Orchestra was a radio orchestra made by David Sarnoff of the National Broadcasting Company mostly for conductor Arturo Toscanini .
HumiÃ res is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Samantha Eggar -LRB- March 5 , 1939 -RRB- , is a British actress .
Zuko and Katara decide to fight Azula in the Fire Nation capital while Sokka , Toph , and Suki attempt to destroy the airship fleet .
Other camping is available at `` private sites '' at Bayview and McLeod Eco Farm by arrangement .
Tripoli -LRB- , TrÃ poli , formerly Î Ï Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï , TrÃ polis ; traditionally Î Ï Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Tripolitsa -RRB- is a city of about 25,000 inhabitants in the central part of the Peloponnese , in Greece .
By the end of the year there were 28,000 copies in print .
Since 1995 the city center has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Phineas Taylor Barnum -LRB- July 5 , 1810 â `` April 7 , 1891 -RRB- was an American showman , businessman , and entertainer , remembered for promoting celebrated hoaxes and for founding the circus that became the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus .
The chicken -LRB- Gallus gallus domesticus -RRB- is a domesticated fowl , a subspecies of the Red Junglefowl .
Goudelancourt-l Ã s-Berrieux is a commune .
Brown is also a mystery writer and screenwriter .
He composed some music for the Ballet de la Nuit -LRB- Night Ballet -RRB- .
Established in 2001 , Ripken Baseball represents Cal and his brother Bill 's business and philanthropy dealings and focuses on several subsidiaries : Ripken Management and Design , Youth Camps and Clinics , Cal Ripken , Sr. foundation , Ripken Professional Baseball , with three minor-league teamsâ '' the Aberdeen IronBirds -LRB- affiliated with the Orioles -RRB- ; the Augusta GreenJackets -LRB- affiliated with the San Francisco Giants -RRB- ; and the Charlotte Stone Crabs -LRB- affiliated with the Tampa Bay Rays -RRB- â '' and Ironclad Authentics .
These ice cubes are usually cylindrical , and might have holes through the center .
This phenomenon is called a red tide , from the color the bloom imparts to the water .
Franklin speculated that , with an iron rod sharpened to a point at the end ,
Renwick is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The Wicker Man , a cult horror film starring Christopher Lee , is a prominent example of this .
Soon , Mansell passed Patrese and got Boutsen four laps later as Prost did the same to Patrese .
Undertow helped heavy metal music continue as a leading mainstream musical style , and allowed several later bands to break through to the mainstream .
Before the arrival of Europeans , Cockatoo Island was used by the Aboriginal tribes who live in the Sydney area .
Senna and Mansell continued to pull away from the rest , none of them able to keep up .
In 1866 , a coup d' Ã tat resulted in Cuza being exile ; he was not allowed into that part of the country . Prince Karl of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen became the new leader , and was later called Prince Carol I of Romania .
Batista won the 2005 Royal Rumble , last eliminating John Cena , earning the right to participate in the main event of WrestleMania 21 against the World Champion of his choice .
This article is a general one on trams in London .
Hortense reached tropical storm status on September 7 while east of the Lesser Antilles .
Henry tried to force the pope to grant him absolution by doing penance before him at Canossa , where Gregory stayed .
Among his sons , Emperor Ankan , Emperor Senka and Emperor Kimmei ascended to the throne .
Hamilton said he thought Alonso 's penalty was `` quite light if anything '' and only regretted the loss of constructors ' points .
It has about 200 houses , no shops and one post box .
Kirk Thomas Cameron -LRB- born October 12 , 1970 -RRB- is an American actor best-known for playing `` Mike Seaver '' on the television situation comedy , Growing Pains , and in other television shows and movies .
The band 's frontman described the record as `` a declaration of war '' .
One important industry that is located here is that of petroleum refinery .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Ford Aerostar LWB 1992-97 . jpg thumb -LRB- 800x407 -RRB- px right 1992-1997 Ford Aerostar -RRB- -RRB- Ford Aerostar was the first minivan manufactured by Ford .
Edgar Winter -LRB- born December 28 , 1946 -RRB- is an albino musician from Beaumont , Texas .
Saint-Pierre-Saint-Jean is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Rocquigny , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Palmyra Atoll is an island in the North Pacific Ocean .
He died on November 18 , 1981 at his retirement home in Kempton , Pennsylvania , he was 86 years old .
He wrote the original basketball rulebook , founded the University of Kansas basketball program , and lived to see basketball adopted as an Olympic demonstration sport in 1904 and as an official event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .
The ancestors of bees were wasps in the family Crabronidae , and therefore predators of other insects .
He published in 1867 the Chemin des bois , a volume of poems , many of which had already appeared in the Revue des Deux Mondes ; Le bleu et le noir , poÃ mes de la vie rÃ elle -LRB- 1874 -RRB- , Nos oiseaux -LRB- 1886 -RRB- , and other volumes followed .
Contributions were also made by George Westinghouse , Lucien Gaulard , John Dixon Gibbs , Wilhelm Siemens and Oliver Shallenger .
One such example was constructed in the 9th century by Muslim geographers and cartographers working under the Abbasid caliph , Al-Ma ` mun .
It is forbidden for Somalis to fly the flag at half mast because it has the Shahada -LRB- which says in Arabic There is no other God except Allah , Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah -RRB- written on it so it will be an un-Islamic and disrespectful way to treat the flag .
He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft .
The original release of Internet Explorer 7 required the computer to pass a Windows Genuine Advantage validation check prior to installing , but on October 5 , 2007 , Microsoft removed this requirement .
`` When one -LRB- football writer -RRB- said Hickman was ` the best guard the South ever produced , ' Coach General Bob Neyland snarled , ` Herman Hickman is the greatest guard football has ever known . ' ''
The novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas accounts for two trips to Las Vegas , Nevada , that Hunter S. Thompson and attorney Oscar Zeta Acosta took in March and April 1971 .
Following maturation , the lymphocytes enter the circulation and peripheral lymphoid organs -LRB- e.g. the spleen and lymph nodes -RRB- where they survey for invading pathogens and\/or tumor cells .
In the end of Thirty Years ' War the city burned down almost completely .
They have also been spread by human transportation of infested plant materials .
Inappropriate links include links to personal web sites , links to web sites with which you are affiliated , and links that serve as advertising or promotion .
-LRB- The statue was rebuilt and unveiled on May 4 , 1970 , and blown up again by other Weathermen on October 6 , 1970 .
consists of three rounds : the Jeopardy !
With Amtrak , it 's done this way :
Andrej PanadiÄ -LRB- born 9 March 1969 in Zagreb -RRB- is a Croatian football coach and a former defender .
ConcepciÃ n currently has four traditional universities :
It was created by Gottfrid Svartholm , Fredrik Neij and Peter Sunde .
RÃ cents Å ca is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Rangel was hired as the first non-white employee to join the Mozambican newspaper Noticias de Tarde in 1952 , where he worked as a photographer .
The Class 91s were given the auxiliary name of InterCity 225 to indicate their envisaged top speed of 225 km\/h -LRB- 140 mph -RRB- .
It is with the Rangers where he is most notable for playing .
The Yogyakarta Principles on the Application of International Human Rights Law in relation to Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity is a set of international principles relating to sexual orientation and gender identity , intended to address documented evidence of abuse of rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender -LRB- LGBT -RRB- people , and further of intersexuality , requested by Louise Arbour according to the International human rights law . The outline of the Principles was drawn at a meeting of International Commission of Jurists and human rights experts from around the world at Gadjah Mada University on Java from 6 to 9 November in 2006 .
Tourism is also important to its economy with 40,000 tourists visiting the principality every year .
Pont-l ' Ã vÃ que , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The basic table setting for a meal called ` bansang ' -LRB- ë ì -RRB- usually consists of bap -LRB- ë , cooked rice -RRB- , guk or tang -LRB- soup -RRB- , gochujang or ganjang , jjigae , and kimchi .
The GrimkÃ sisters were born in Charleston , South Carolina , USA .
Lewicki had 16 goals and 31 assists before a groin injury ended his season early .
Many IP addresses are dynamically assigned and change frequently from one person to the next , and even static IP addresses are periodically re-assigned or have different users .
Claude Marion Akins -LRB- May 25 , 1926 â `` January 27 , 1994 -RRB- was an American actor with a long career on stage , screen and television .
The Armenia national football team -LRB- , ' -RRB- represents Armenia in association football and is controlled by the Football Federation of Armenia , the governing body for football in Armenia .
In March 1951 , she appeared as a presenter at the 23rd Academy Awards ceremony .
The AlÃ 3\/4 ingi , Anglicised variously as Althing or Althingi , is the national parliamentâ '' literally , '' -LRB- the -RRB- all-thing '' -LRB- = general assembly -RRB- â '' of Iceland .
After acquiring the remains of World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , its main competitor throughout the 1990s , in March 2002 , the World Wrestling Entertainment sought a way to split itself into two separate promotions , because of the numbers of talent that it had acquired as part of its purchase .
When asked to describe the last three episodes , Lindelof said `` Water . ''
It is a member of the ARD public broadcasting group .
Under OS X 10.1.5 through 10.3 , a PowerPC G3 , 128 MB of RAM , and 150 MB of free space is required .
Red Sea was split off from Kassala .
Wulff has been one of the four deputy chairmen of the CDU party at the federal level since 7 November 1998 . He has also been a board member of the Konrad Adenauer Foundation since 2003 .
Dan Morgan -LRB- 1830 - 9 April 1865 , -RRB- was an Australian bushranger .
Faux marble or faux marbling is a wall painting technique that imitates the color patterns of real marble -LRB- not to be confused with paper marbling -RRB- .
She roundly defeated her opponent in the finals , Madelyn Whitlow of Detroit , Michigan , with a score of 75 â `` 32 in 44 .
-LRB- The figure is 38 if Next , Noa , and Nexus are counted as separate entities -- it has been revealed in Nexus that all three are a single being with various modes used by different hosts . -RRB-
Iroh is a fictional character in Nickelodeon 's animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Although the issue of citing page numbers might not seem very advanced , many Wikipedia footnotes to books or journals have omitted the page numbers .
They were built close to the forest , from limestone or from more primitive holes in the ground .
The categorization of dances as `` ballroom dances '' has always been fluid , with new dances or folk dances being added to\/removed from to the ballroom repertoire from time to time , so no list of subcategories or dances is any more than a description of current practices . There are other dances historically accepted as ballroom dances , and are revived via the Vintage dance movement .
Charnoz-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
During the qualifying session on Saturday , Roland Ratzenberger crashed at the Villeneuve Corner .
Hyrrokkin or Saturn XLIV -LRB- provisional designation S\/2004 S 19 -RRB- is a natural satellite of Saturn .
He walks through the village seeing fire and destructions and dead bodies strewn on the floor .
Wikipedia has the help desk to answer most questions , beginning at or .
His theories of geology and geologic time , also called deep time , came to be included in theories which were called plutonism and uniformitarianism .
These demonstrations sometimes included the host , and sometimes one or more of the panelists .
The city 's economy , based mostly around the port and port-related activity such as fish processing and canning , has suffered since 1991 as Vladivostok was opened to foreign activity again .
The Feather Falls were recently measured to be 410 feet tall .
Cerdon is a commune .
The Democrat-Herald started as a political tool for one of Oregon 's first senators .
The methods used to store data by various RAID controllers are not necessarily compatible , so that it may not be possible to read a RAID array on different hardware , with the exception of RAID 1 , which is typically represented as plain identical copies of the original data on each disk .
Cheshunt railway station serves the town of Cheshunt in Hertfordshire , England .
A manga sidestory entitled Mobile Suit Gundam 00F was serialized in Gundam Ace .
Ben Moody left the band on October 22 , 2003 , because of `` creative differences '' .
The main threat to the Palos Verdes Blue has been the destruction of their living space by weeds , which has negative effects on the larval foodplants needed .
The Wash is the square-mouthed estuary on the northwest margin of East Anglia on the east coast of England , `` where Norfolk meets Lincolnshire '' .
The girls who earned their $ 70 for the day are treated to a spa afternoon , except Chrissy who did not earn a paycheck .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,622,000 km in 561.518 days , at an inclination of 146 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 146 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.2507 .
`` Everything fell into place , '' L' Ã quipe said .
August , 1921 , the Moscow Izvestia published an official report announcing that ten `` anarchist bandits '' had been shot without hearing or trial .
In tetrapods , the hallux -LRB- big toe , great toe -RRB- is the innermost -LRB- most medial -RRB- toe of the foot .
Alan James Carter Duncan -LRB- born 31 March 1957 -RRB- is a British Conservative Party politician .
Takuto Hayashi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai .
It became the only temporary capital city in Europe during the Interwar period . Now it is the capital of Kaunas County , the seat of the Kaunas city municipality and the Kaunas district municipality .
The Battle of Sunomatagawa took place in Nanaimo in 1181 , in the present-day town of Sunomata , Gifu Prefecture .
OneNote is a relatively new part of Microsoft Office .
In October 2009 , he beat Nikolai Valuev , who is 7 feet tall , to become the WBA champion . In 2010 , he beat John Ruiz .
The day before McCartney wanted to work on the string arrangement , he learned that George Martin was not available to do the score .
You feel like fans have paid their money and they expect you to come out and play them your songs like the first time you ever played them .
Before the tribal council , Aras approached Terry to apologize for accusations of Terry 's worthiness to remain in the game after Reward Challenge , which Terry accepted .
The Calder Memorial Trophy is an annual award given `` to the player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition in the National Hockey League . ''
The 1954 Formula One season was the 5th edition of the championship .
Later abortions are more common in China , India , and other developing countries than in developed countries .
Percy and Beckendorf protest to no avail .
Suttungr may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe at some point in the past .
Academics from many different disciplines participate and exchange ideas about predominantly Muslim societies , past and present .
Hertha was a founder of the Bundesliga in 1963 and was Berlin 's reigning champion .
The district is administratively subdivided into three talukhas :
He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond .
The depression destroyed bridges , flooded villages and blocked roads .
For example , a descriptive system widely adopted in Australia is based on structural characteristics based on life-form , plus the height and amount of foliage cover of the tallest layer or dominant species .
In two very famous arias -LRB- Rodolfo 's `` Che gelida manina â '' What a cold little hand '' and Mimi 's `` SÃ , mi chiamano MimÃ â '' Yes , they call me MimÃ '' -RRB- , they tell each other about their different backgrounds .
Attractions in Nouakchott include Nouakchott Museum , several markets including Nouakchott Silver Market , and the beaches .
Advance Australia Fair received 43.29 % of the vote , defeating the three alternatives : Waltzing Matilda -LRB- 28.28 % -RRB- , Song of Australia -LRB- 9.65 % -RRB- , and the existing national anthem God Save the Queen -LRB- 18.78 % -RRB- .
In the U.S. , Pennsylvania Dutch saffronâ '' known for its earthy notesâ '' is marketed in small quantities .
Buechner oversaw a major transformation in the way the museum displayed art and brought some one thousand works that had been languishing in the museum 's archives and put them on display .
Today a great number of small and middle-sized businesses dominate the economy .
The song debuted at number two in the United Kingdom . There , it became Adele 's third top-ten single .
Peter Sauber admitted at this point that his decision to rescue the team had been emotionally-driven , but insisted that it was a correct decision .
In April of 1987 , on the way to a performance in Fukuoka , Misora suddenly collapsed .
The fox , while not shown , is probably disposed of .
Over the course of the following decade their landscape painting excursions together , in Louveciennes and Pontoise , led to a collaborative working relationship between equals .
The 1st century was the century that lasted from 1 to 100 according the Julian calendar .
Alice HoschedÃ decided to help Monet by taking care of his children as well as her own .
The typical procedure for inducing classical conditioning involves presentations of a neutral stimulus along with a stimulus of some significance , the `` unconditioned stimulus '' . The neutral stimulus could be any event that does not result in an overt behavioral response from the organism under investigation .
He went to the primary school in Binalong but later went to boarding school in Sydney . He only came home in the holidays .
Created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona , the series debuted in April of 2003 .
A 1996 game entitled Escape from HorrorLand is an interactive sequel to the book One Day at HorrorLand , and a 1997 game entitled `` Attack of the Mutant '' was based on the book Attack of the Mutant . Scholastic released a new Goosebumps video game on October 2008 titled Goosebumps HorrorLand based on the series of the same name .
Rashid al-Din also described the first meeting of Genghis and Kublai Khan , when Genghis was shocked to find that Kublai had not inherited his red hair .
The following evening , Sarah Jane agrees to adopt the Archetype and agrees with Maria to call him `` Luke '' , since that was what she wanted to name her child if she ever had one .
Riencourt-l Ã s-Cagnicourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Paste was also named `` Magazine of the Year '' by the PLUG Independent Music Awards in 2006 , 2007 and 2008 .
Navel lint , also called belly button lint , belly button fluff or navel fluff , is an collection of fluffy fibers in one 's navel .
At the time of 2000 census the population was 2,728 .
Harlan was named for one of Iowa 's early U.S. Senators , James Harlan .
Magma canceled their proposed purchase , leaving Super Aguri 's future in doubt .
Questrecques is a French commune . It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais , in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The government of Saint Helena produces its own coinage and banknotes . The Bank of Saint Helena was established on Saint Helena and Ascension Island in the year 2004 .
In response to Arnold 's valor at Saratoga , Congress restored his command seniority .
They have been found in hot springs , sulfur pools , thermal ocean vents .
The flag of the state of Colorado consists of three horizontal stripes of equal width ; the top and bottom stripes are blue , and the middle stripe white .
Construction began that September and it opened to road traffic as the Strand Underpass on 21 January 1964 .
Bara is a tehsil located in Khyber Agency , Federally Administered Tribal Areas , Pakistan .
Up to the 20th century Nidwalden was dominated by agriculture .
`` The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage '' , shortened to `` The Only Difference '' for radio and convenience , is a single from Panic ! at the Disco 's debut , A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out .
Smiley is currently working as a trainer and an onâ `` air authority figure for Florida Championship Wrestling and WWE .
Eddie Gaedel entered the game between the Browns and Detroit Tigers as a pinch-hitter for leadoff batter Frank Saucier .
He got his B.A. degree from Dartmouth College in 1975 and his M.F.A degree in writing from Columbia University in 1983 .
Maihama Station is a train station operated by East Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR East -RRB- and located in Urayasu , Chiba , Japan .
Erduoyan -LRB- è æ ç 1\/4 ç ç -RRB- is a traditional brand of fried rice cakes .
Many species have leaves with structures that attract ants that protect the plant from herbivore insects -LRB- a form of mutualism -RRB- .
The city is represented by several members of both houses of the Polish Parliament -LRB- Sejm and Senat -RRB- from the BiaÅ ystok constituency .
Jules captured footage of American Airlines Flight 11 hitting the North tower of the World Trade Center .
Sir Francis Owen Garbatt Williams CBE -LRB- born 16 April 1942 -RRB- is founder and manager of the WilliamsF1 Formula One racing team .
The Dalek Emperor returned at the end of the 2005 series , having rebuilt the Dalek race with human subjects ; it saw itself as a god , and the new Daleks were shown worshipping it .
At the age of four du PrÃ is said to have heard the sound of the cello on the radio and asked her mother for `` one of those . ''
Salomon Wininger â -LRB- 13 December 1877 , Gura Humorului , Bukovina -- December 1968 , in Ramat Gan , Israel -RRB- was an Austrian-Jewish biographer .
Cream filled or topped pies are favorite props for humor , particularly when aimed at people who are too serious .
She and her sister , Barbara Pierce Bush , were the first twin children of a United States president .
Other than the higher price of hardware , many peoples like this type of embedded systems , especially for more powerful devices such as Wireless Routers and GPSs .
No significant computer failures occurred when the clocks rolled over into 2000 .
In early 1978 , Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance made a song-writing duo together .
This parameter can be a named parameter -LRB- e.g. '' '' -RRB- , or a positional parameter , always after the country name .
Starting in 1989 , Swedish medical doctor and scientist Staffan Lindeberg , now associate professor at Lund University , Sweden , led scientific surveys of the non-westernized population on Kitava , one of the Trobriand Islands of Papua New Guinea .
The Sun 's distance from the Earth is about 400 times the Moon 's distance , and the Sun 's diameter is about 400 times the Moon 's diameter .
He was important in the development of modern French cuisine .
The Andes are the result of plate tectonics processes , caused by the subduction of oceanic crust beneath the South American plate .
German philosophy , here taken to mean either -LRB- 1 -RRB- philosophy in the German language or -LRB- 2 -RRB- philosophy by Germans , has been extremely diverse , and central to both the analytic and continental traditions in philosophy for centuries , from Leibniz through Kant , Hegel , Schopenhauer , Marx , Nietzsche , Heidegger and Wittgenstein to contemporary philosophers .
The forearm is the structure and distal region of the upper limb , between the elbow and the wrist .
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory -LRB- 1964 -RRB- is a children 's book by British author Roald Dahl .
The song was completed on 6 August , when McCartney recorded a solo on a Moog synthesizer .
ForÄ Å ti is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
The band did not approve of , or make any money from the album , and have spoken out against it .
At the tip of Cape York , there is a sizeable service center on nearby Thursday Island .
Katamari Damacy inspired the development of other video games , and led to the release of five sequels in Japan and other territories : We Love Katamari , Me & My Katamari , Beautiful Katamari , I Love Katamari , and Katamari Forever .
After finishing a European tour from October to November 2009 and an Australian tour in January and February 2010 , Rise Against will start working on a new album .
`` Buffalo bison whom other Buffalo bison bully , themselves bully Buffalo bison '' .
Kawai continues to compose the music in the movie adaptation , and the soundtrack was released on September 22 , 2010 .
Dated back to ca .
Feudal society was increasingly based on the concept of `` lordship '' -- in French the seigneur -- which was one of the distinguishing features of the Early Middle Ages which evolved out of Late Antiquity .
He was best known for his work on Muppets , mainly ones on Sesame Street .
The film was rated G by the MPAA , released on VHS and DVD on April 3 , 2001 , and re-released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on September 16 , 2008 .
Moore battled back and eventually won with a final score of 3,000 to 2,634 .
Icarus makes a close approach to Earth at gaps of 9 , 19 , or 38 years .
A gribble is any species of marine isopod from the family Limnoriidae .
Morris Thompson , an Alaskan politician , was born and raised in Tanana . After he died in the crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 , his body was buried in Tanana .
Masks were also used to collect data on racial differences .
Sanam Luang was still the place for kite flying . King Rama VI again used the place in the same manner as former kings to perform various ceremonies .
Political influence on the IPCC has been shown by the release of a memo by ExxonMobil to the Bush administration , and its effects on the IPCCs leadership .
Robinson 's career is generally considered to mark the beginning of the postâ `` `` long ball '' era in baseball , in which a need for power-hitting was replaced with balanced offensive strategies that used footspeed to create runs through baserunning .
A limited edition version of the video was also released on October 23 , 2006 . It contained a bonus CD with 7 of their previous hit singles .
â Wales argued `` contributors to the site who claim certain credentials will soon have to prove they really have them . ''
United States National Academy of Engineering -LRB- NAE -RRB- , a private , non-profit institution that was founded in 1964 .
In North America a similarly traditional dish is split pea soup .
It is located on a sprawling campus that occupies the entirety of the Ciudad Universitaria district of Madrid , with annexes in the district of Somosaguas in the neighboring city of Pozuelo de AlarcÃ n.
He was appointed head of the Propaganda Ministry by Nazi FÃ 1\/4 hrer Adolf Hitler in his political testament after Dr. Goebbels was promoted to Reichskanzler .
The buildings in the old city originate , on the whole , from building projects during the 16th century , when nearly all the Middle Age period buildings were replaced or expanded .
Acqueville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
This lineup toured in 2003 and early 2004 .
Most believe that early Homo was the tool maker , but hand fossils from Swartkranz , South Africa , indicate that the hand of Paranthropus robustus was also adapted for precision grasping and tool use .
In 1989 The Rolling Stones were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . And in 2004 they were ranked number 4 in Rolling Stone Magazine 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Artists of All Time . ''
Alfreton is a town in Amber Valley in Derbyshire .
Inside this canal is the spinal cord .
In 2001 the move from The Dell to the new Friends Provident St Mary 's Stadium was a homecoming for Southampton F.C. , because of the new stadium 's proximity to St Mary 's , the church where the club was founded on 21 November 1885 by members of the St Mary 's Church of England Young Men 's Association .
The Nissan Cube is a Mini MPV produced by Nissan for the Japanese market since 1998 , and now sold in export markets such as North America and Europe .
Kubrick based the movie on a short story called the `` The Sentinel '' that was written by the science fiction author Arthur C. Clarke . Kubrick worked with Arthur C. Clarke to make the film .
Breakaway received two awards at the 2006 Grammy Awards including `` Best Pop Vocal Album '' and `` Best Female Pop Vocal Performance '' for the single `` Since U Been Gone '' .
Newgrounds is the oldest Flash portal website , and is distinguished by its automated submission and rating system , as it is the first website in history to produce a fully automated user-generated content system .
During the 1942 â `` 1943 season , Check was signed by the National Hockey League 's Montreal Canadiens , although he continued to play for the Quebec Aces of the Quebec Senior Hockey League through 1944 , scoring for them a total of 60 goals and 40 assists .
It has a subdorsal row of yellowish-tan spots .
Under pressure , water in the peat is forced out .
Although each has its own variation , most ancient philosophies incorporate these four elements in some way .
He was the first Ultimate Fighting Championship -LRB- UFC -RRB- lightweight champion and was a coach on the The Ultimate Fighter 5 reality show , which aired on Spike TV .
The 3-revert rule is intended to limit edit-wars during a one-day period .
Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years , Owens held significant water until 1924 , until much of the Owens River was diverted into the Los Angeles Aqueduct , causing it to desiccate .
Other vehicles spent time in London and the last vehicles could be found there in the early 1990s .
The Honourable Society of Lincoln 's Inn is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London . They may call members to the Bar and allow them to practice as barristers .
The county administration is in Oslo , which is not part of the county per se .
On August 23 , 2009 , Montag performed `` Body Language '' during the Miss Universe 2009 pageant in the Bahamas .
Heinz Gerstinger means the book would be a â history of the awakening of the spirit of mankindâ .
Takayuki Komine is a Japanese football player who recently played for F.C. Gifu .
Hence Potts dismisses Sowerbutts ' claim that Jennet Bierley transformed herself into a black dog with the comment `` I would know by what means any Priest can maintaine this point of Evidence '' .
Duran Duran were never the same after this break .
Paulo Henrique Souza de Oliveira -LRB- born 5 January 1943 in MacaÃ -RRB- , usually called Paulo Henrique , is a former Brazilian footballer .
Virgin Radio stations in each country are usually owned independently of the Virgin Group .
By the time they reach the state , many have become extratropical and few hurricanes have made landfall in Maine .
Today , they are non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state . There are again numbering 17 provinces , though not all are the same as the 16th century ones .
Cetology -LRB- from Greek , kÄ `` tos , `` whale '' ; and , - logia -RRB- is the branch of marine mammal science that studies the approximately eighty species of whales , dolphins , and porpoise in the scientific order Cetacea .
Before becoming an area protected by the Peruvian government , the ManÃ National Park was conserved because it was inaccessible ; that is , people could not get to it .
He and Lola had two more children , Diana and Linda .
The Dvorak technique -LRB- developed in 1973 by Vernon Dvorak -RRB- is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible and infrared satellite images .
Most of them have since been relocated to Sephardic synagogues in Israel .
They have bushy tails .
Some mosques have Arabic calligraphy and Qur ` anic verses on the walls to assist worshippers in focusing on the beauty of Islam and its holiest book , the Qur ` an , as well as for decoration .
Belmont died in New York in 1890 .
Puts text -LRB- parameter 1 -RRB- into i titled span -LRB- parameter 2 -RRB- .
joint rule with his father Eric IV -LRB- till 1411 -RRB- , his younger brother John IV -LRB- till 1414 -RRB- and his youngest brother Bernard II -LRB- since 1426 -RRB-
He grew up in a well-known and wealthy entrepreneurial and intellectual family . His family was active in culture and politics in Czechoslovakia from the 1920s to the 1940s .
The 11.94 inches\/303 .3 mm that fell at Miller became the wettest Missouri rainfall total associated with a tropical cyclone , or its remains , since at least 1972 .
Mathew B. Brady -LRB- May 18 , 1822 -- January 15 , 1896 -RRB- was one of the most celebrated 19th century American photographers , best known for his portraits of celebrities and his documentation of the American Civil War .
Not all declarations of independence are successful and result in independence for these regions .
He was leader of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for over half a century .
Chocolat is an extrovert .
Lewicki was the top scorer in the playoffs , recording 40 points .
Copper may be the oldest metal in use , as very old copper tools have been found .
John Scaddan , CMG -LRB- 4 August 1876 â `` 21 November 1934 -RRB- , popularly known as `` Happy Jack '' , was Premier of Western Australia from 7 October 1911 until 27 July 1916 .
Filer -LRB- FÄ - ler -RRB- is a city in Twin Falls County , Idaho , United States .
The Kansas-Missouri border area became the first battlefield in the conflict over slavery that led to the American Civil War .
Roger Harry Daltrey CBE -LRB- born 1 March 1944 -RRB- is an English musician best known as the singer of English rock band The Who .
Even though this is a string handling template it uses efficient code .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Carolina .
Ã amon de Valera , by now Leader of the Opposition , was represented by a senior Fianna FÃ il figure who was a member of the Church of Ireland , Erskine Childers , a future President of Ireland himself .
Thurgood Marshall -LRB- July 2 , 1908 â `` January 24 , 1993 -RRB- was an American jurist and the first African American to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States .
Dodd 's experiment has been easy for many others to replicate , including with other kinds of fruit flies and foods .
In the `` Government of National Concentration '' headed by Hitler , the Nazis were in the minority .
Cham is a village in the canton of Zug in Switzerland .
Its job is to provide `` weather , hydrologic , and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States , its territories , adjacent waters and ocean areas , for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy . ''
In the United States , certifiable color additives are available for use in food as either `` dyes '' or `` lakes '' .
Hattusa itself was destroyed by fire , its site only re-occupied by a Phrygian fortress some 500 years later .
The equipment has the ability of starting rides very slowly and can be advanced to faster speeds if a rider is able to handle them .
Harry had started various magazines and newspapers before attending the Liverpool College of Art , with fellow students John Lennon and Stuart Sutcliffe , who both later performed with The Beatles .
As of the 2000 census , the population was 152,538 .
Its capital is Tabriz .
Use of this template allows templates to be protected where necessary , while allowing anyone to edit the documentation , categories , and interwiki links .
Samuel Liddell -LRB- or Liddel -RRB- `` MacGregor '' Mathers -LRB- January 8 or 11 , 1854 -- November 5 or 20 , 1918 -RRB- was one of the most influential figures in modern Occultism .
Gujan-Mestras is a commune .
Rising gently above these lowlands is a geographical region comprising the four hilly districts of moraines and moraine-dammed lakes formed during and after the Pleistocene ice age .
Saint-S Ã ve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Cocoa Beach is a city in Brevard County , Florida , United States .
Phitsanulok is an important and historic city in lower northern Thailand and is the capital of Phitsanulok Province , which stretches all the way to the Laotian border . Phitsanulok is one of the oldest cities in Thailand , founded over 600 years ago .
The French word replaced the Old English words , Breoton , Breoten , Bryten , Breten , Breoton-lond and Breten-lond .
The term Caucasian languages is generally restricted to these families , which are spoken by about 11.2 million people .
A shirt is a cloth garment for the upper body .
Early in the Ordovician , the continents Laurentia -LRB- present-day North America -RRB- , Siberia , and Baltica -LRB- present-day northern Europe -RRB- were still independent continents -LRB- since the break-up of the supercontinent Pannotia earlier -RRB- , but Baltica began to move towards Laurentia later in the period , causing the Iapetus Ocean to shrink between them .
Hyderabad has a unique combination of a tropical wet and dry climate that borders on a hot semi-arid climate -LRB- KÃ ppen climate classification BSh -RRB- , with hot summers from late February to early June , the monsoon season from late June to early October and a pleasant winter from late October to early February .
It is located near San Diego , has a population of 42,000 and is the location of the San Andreo Nuclear Generating Station .
Corte -LRB- Corsican Corti -RRB- in is a city -LRB- a `` commune '' in french -RRB- in the Haute-Corse dÃ partement in central area of Corsica , in France .
By the 4th century , Antioch 's declining population was about 200,000 according to Chrysostom , a figure which again does not include slaves .
Beaumont-de-Pertuis is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Pittsburg County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Suikoden 1 and 2 were released on the first Playstation .
MÃ ry-sur-Seine is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Uwe Reinders -LRB- born 19 January 1955 in Essen -RRB- is a former German football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player and manager .
Branko Mikasinovich is one of the foremost scholars of Yugoslav and Serbian literature and a noted Slavist .
Destruction is a thrash metal band from LÃ rrach in Germany .
With the help of the Little Sisters , Jack is able to track down Fontaine .
In Hinduism , predestination does not play an important role , as most followers believe in karma , associated with free will .
Cresseveuille is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Since its reintroduction , the Formula One season is usually held in a country that also holds a national Grand Prix in that same year .
After oxygen has been moved to the tissue , capillaries join and widen to become small veins and then widen more to become veins , which return blood to the heart .
Treehouse of Horror is an episode in the simpsons in season 2 .
The city was the administrative capital of the Persian Empire , the preeminent power of the then known world , and it played a vital part in the history of that region for over two centuries .
Most animals have a larval stage , with a body plan different from that of the adult organism .
Westminster is the central part of the City of Westminster , in London .
Its primary natural purpose is to protect the egg yolk and provide additional nutrition for the growth of the embryo , as it is rich in proteins , though it contains almost no fat , unlike the egg yolk , which has a high fat value .
JBL performed a Clothesline From Hell on Benoit , who avoided the move and applied in the Crippler Crossface .
The theme music for the program has been adapted from the 1982 hit single Hey Mickey !
About 100 buildings were built , including two hotels , the Ship Inn and the Woolpack .
U.S. Route 9 is a United States highway in the states of Delaware , New Jersey , and New York .
Alligator Records is a Chicago-based independent blues record label founded by Bruce Iglauer in 1971 .
There are eleven areas of work focused on `` Stimulating Global Evangelism '' with 25-40 staff , carrying out the work .
The type skeleton is complete to the thirteenth caudal vertebra , and so is relatively well understood , and is the most complete abelisaurid yet described .
However , the small text could be replaced with small images -LRB- aligned inside the inner table -RRB- .
This list also shows in the Simple English Wikipedia to show pages about family names that may need to be created .
The Archbishops again took the side of the Pope during the arguments between the Pope and the Hohenstaufens .
It is 29 m north of Aberdeen and 3 m south of Peterhead .
After World War II , Bridgestone started manufacturing motorcycles . But its main income was from supplying tires to its rival motorcycle makers such as Honda , Suzuki and Yamaha .
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Soon after -LRB- possibly in 28 -RRB- , Claudius married Aelia Paetina , a relative of Sejanus , if not Sejanus 's adoptive sister .
People with lung , kidney disease , gout , hyperuricemia -LRB- high amounts of uric acid -RRB- , hemophilia , diabeties or high blood pressure should not take aspirin except on the advice of a qualified medical professional .
In 1924 , Raymond Dart described Australopithecus africanus .
Tourism is a promising sector with a number of new hotels and resorts having been built in recent years .
Villers-Agron-Aiguizy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Tea oil is a sweet seasoning and cooking oil made by pressing the seeds of the Oil-seed Camellia -LRB- C. oleifera -RRB- , the Japanese Camellia -LRB- C. japonica -RRB- , and to a lesser extent other species such as Crapnell 's Camellia -LRB- C. crapnelliana -RRB- , C. reticulata , C. sasanqua and C. sinensis . Relatively little-known outside East Asia , it is the most important cooking oil for hundreds of millions of people , particularly in southern China .
Liparitids were themselves a branch of the Mamikonians .
The Carpathians begin on the Danube near Bratislava .
The New Jersey Superior Court ruled that the law was improper because of it was too vague .
The ICC was tasked with advocating for the rights of athletes with a disability in front of the IOC .
The body of Lojze Grozde was buried at the cemetery in Å entrupert because it was impossible to take it to his home parish of TrÅ 3\/4 iÅ Ä e under the difficult circumstances of those days .
Unlike other awards given through a process or from one editor to another in a show of appreciation , this is one award that is intended to be given to yourself , though it can also be given by a second party .
While all modern Dictyoptera have short ovipositors , the oldest fossils of Dictyoptera have long ovipositors , much like members of the Orthoptera .
Ricardo Andrade Quaresma Bernardo -LRB- born 26 September 1983 , in Lisbon , Portugal -RRB- is a Portuguese footballer of Romani descent , who currently plays as a winger for Turkish Super League side BeÅ iktaÅ and the Portuguese national team .
The first example of such a use comes from the work of the physicist Gustav Kirchhoff , who published in 1845 his Kirchhoff 's circuit laws for calculating the voltage and current in electric circuits .
Oral vaccines are likely to be solid which have proven to be more stable and less likely to freeze ; this stability reduces the need for a `` cold chain '' : the resources required to keep vaccines within a restricted temperature range from the manufacturing stage to the point of administration , which , in turn , will decrease costs of vaccines .
Jeter was born in Pequannock , New Jersey in 1974 . His father , Dr. Sanderson Charles Jeter , a substance abuse counselor , is African American ; his mother , Dorothy , is Caucasian and of Irish\/German descent .
Between 1948 and 1950 , she developed a theory by which these mobile elements regulated the genes by inhibiting or modulating their action .
Marco Camenisch is a Swiss anarchist and environmental activist .
The cover art for Holy Wood portrayed Manson as a crucified Christ with a torn off jaw as a criticism on both censorship and America 's obsession with media martyrs .
Another example is the dietary habits of a creature who eats only grapes , cheese or lettuce , and whose dietary habits conform to the following -LRB- artificial -RRB- rules : it eats exactly once a day ; if it ate cheese yesterday , it will not today , and it will eat lettuce or grapes with equal probability ; if it ate grapes yesterday , it will eat grapes today with probability 1\/10 , cheese with probability 4\/10 and lettuce with probability 5\/10 ; finally , if it ate lettuce yesterday , it wo n't eat lettuce again today but will eat grapes with probability 4\/10 or cheese with probability 6\/10 .
However , she was raised by the African American jazz musician Don Cherry , whom her mother married early in her life .
In other species , the larvae are insectivores and prey on aphids , thrips , and other plant-sucking insects .
The President automatically becomes a member of the aforementioned groups once he is appointed , but he does not necessarily come from within the ICRC organization .
It is in Metcard Zone 2 . It is the terminus for the Pakenham line , as well as a stop for regional trains going to Traralgon and Bairnsdale .
The SI unit of measurement of electric current , the ampere , is named after him .
More than 30,000 small solar panels , each producing 12 to 30 watts , are sold in Kenya annually .
Congress has two parts , called `` Houses , '' the House of Representatives and the Senate .
They discovered an inhabited village of Mahri Nui that had broken off from Voya Nui and sunk a thousand years ago .
Their status changed once they came under the influence of a ruler . This single ruler then centralised their administration .
The Ultra Series is one of the prominent tokusatsu superhero genre productions from Japan , along with Toei produced series Kamen Rider , Super Sentai , and the Metal Heroes .
Honey badgers of the subspecies signata have a second lowar molar on the left side of their jaw , but not the right .
Russian entomologist Yuri Filipchenko first coined the terms `` macroevolution '' and `` microevolution '' in 1927 in his German language work , `` VariabilitÃ t und Variation '' .
In it , she stands with her co-star , Tom Ewell , while the air from a subway grating blows her skirt up .
Southampton Parish is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda .
Secure Copy or SCP is a means of securely transferring computer files between a local and a remote host or between two remote hosts . It is based on the Secure Shell -LRB- SSH -RRB- protocol .
The 2001 census population for the area covered by the Thornhill and Blairdrummond Community Council is 1,109 .
It is also essential that ontological causality does not suggest the temporal relation of before and after - between the cause and the effect ; that spontaneity -LRB- in nature -RRB- and chance -LRB- in the sphere of moral actions -RRB- are among the causes of effects belonging to the efficient causation , and that no incidental , spontaneous , or chance cause can be prior to a proper , real , or underlying cause per se .
The resolution of this problem may well be in the properties of polyphosphates .
The wife of the Vice President of the United States is sometimes referred to as the Second Lady of the United States , but this title is much less common .
Except via appointment to certain government or ecclesiastical offices in some realms , membership in the order is by invitation only , and individuals may not petition for admission .
Many other countries use a system called civil law , where people say that legislation is the only kind of law . In common law countries , courts usually have more power than in civil law countries .
With the expansion of the NHL in 1967 , and the creation of the Western Division , the Wales Trophy was given to the team that finished in first place in the Eastern Division , during the regular season .
One of Bear 's favorite themes is how observers effect or create reality .
Lee Marvin -LRB- February 19 , 1924 â `` August 29 , 1987 -RRB- was an American film actor .
The riverbed is often dry or just a trickle due to large irrigation usage . The river is full after infrequent rainstorms or when more water is released from upstream dams .
Lesparre-M Ã doc is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Seven Nizams ruled Hyderabad for two centuries until Indian independence in 1947 .
Bands of green and white were added to the fly , and the national emblem , the badge of the Albusaidi Dynasty , was placed in the canton .
In 1950 , the Soviet Union signed a contract leasing the mansion for 20,000 krone per year .
This is a device which , in the event of an excessive downward speed , clamps onto the cylinder and stops the car .
Slides can also form the basis of webcasts .
Cooper Tire became the official tire of the Champ Car Atlantic Championship in 2007 .
David Marcelo Pizarro CortÃ s -LRB- born 11 September 1979 in ValparaÃ so , Chile -RRB- is a Chilean football Midfielder .
Around 1913 , Viktor Kaplan created the Kaplan turbine , a propeller-type machine .
In the last two decades , an increasing amount of Mandarin words have found their way into Singlish because Mandarin Chinese is taught to most Singaporean Chinese students in school .
Earlier Bionicle packages had displayed the Technic Logo , but it has since been phased out , evolving Bionicle into its own branch of LEGO .
Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Notre-Dame-d ` Estr Ã es is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
JosÃ RenÃ Higuita Zapata -LRB- born 27 August 1966 in MedellÃ n -LRB- Barrio Castilla -RRB- -RRB- is a former Colombian football goalkeeper nicknamed `` El Loco '' and the creator of the Scorpion kick .
According to Lopukhov , `` both the plot of Swan Lake -LRB- despite the fact that it is based on German source -RRB- , the image of the Swan and the very idea of a faithful love are essentially Russian '' .
Scene 1 -LRB- Sonata-Allegro -RRB- : Marie is telling her child to go to sleep while admiring earrings which the Drum-major gave her .
Fey played an extra in one of the episodes in 1998 , and after watching herself , decided to diet and lost 30 pounds .
If a send mix is configured post-fader , then the level sent to the send mix follows changes to the main channel strip fader .
During JBL 's entrance , the entrance ramp was raised and JBL 's limousine drove out from underneath .
Castana is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Morteaux-Coulib Å `` uf is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Tomohiko Ikoma -LRB- born 25 August 1932 - died 27 April 2009 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In 2004 , Palm changed their name to PalmOne , but later in 2005 they switched back to Palm , Inc.
VLC also supports highly personalizable skins through the skins2 interface , Winamp 2 and XMMS skins and can play high definition recordings of D-VHS tapes duplicated to a computer using CapDVHS .
General Tilney , horrified , rudely made Catherine go home . Catherine 's parents say they have to wait until General Tilney says yes .
The Second-in-Command of a battalion or regiment is usually a Major .
A documentary film , The Hand Behind the Mouse : The Ub Iwerks Story was released in 1999 , followed by a book written by Leslie Iwerks and John Kenworthy in 2001 . The documentary , created by Iwerks ' granddaughter Leslie Iwerks , was released as part of The Walt Disney Treasures , Wave VII series .
Towards the end of the month , on October 27 , 2000 , the band launched the worldwide Guns , God and Government Tour , 17 days ahead of the album 's launch .
The Kam Dwarf Hamster -LRB- Cricetulus kamensis -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family .
Modern Anti-Armenianism is usually associated with either extreme opposition to the actions or existence of the Armenian Republic , belief in an Armenian conspiracy to fabricate history and manipulate public and political opinion for political gain , or belief that Armenia is attempting to unfairly annex land from neighboring states .
Its remnant mid-level circulation then moved eastward across Missouri , Kentucky , and Virginia before losing identity as it moved out into the Atlantic Ocean .
However , DNA testing in 1994 on pieces of Anderson 's tissue and hair showed that she was not related to the Imperial family .
It presents a revised version of the historical events recounted in the first seven chapters of 1 Maccabees , adding material from the Pharisaic tradition , including prayer for the dead and a resurrection on Judgment Day .
Wii Fit is a video game developed by Nintendo for the company 's home video game console , Wii , designed by Hiroshi Matsunaga . It is an exercise game consisting of activities using the Wii Balance Board peripheral .
Nevertheless locomotives are still made by Hunslett-Barclay , as well as the maintenance of existing diesel and electric multiple units .
RyÅ `` jin lived in RyÅ `` gÅ `` - jÅ , his palace under the sea built out of red and white coral , from where he controlled the tides with magical tide jewels .
It is included in Catholic Bibles as the last part of the Book of Baruch .
Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikipedia articles under the CC-BY-SA and GFDL licensing schemes .
Quinto is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Some people continue to call their Furbies by the terms ` wedding Furby ' , ` tuxedo Furby ' , ` snowball Furby ' , ` biker Furby ' , among others .
The 2006 â `` 07 Chicago Blackhawks season was the team 's 80th season in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
In the Eastern Orthodox Church , the term is used to refer to Christian churches not belonging to the Eastern Orthodox communion and holding doctrines different from those of Orthodox Christianity .
Its motto is : `` The method of science , the aim of religion . ''
The overall harmonic context is an extended theme in B major , which briefly modulates to A-sharp major .
Dr. Israel W. Charny -LRB- born 1931 -RRB- is an Israeli psychologist and historian , world renowned genocide expert .
A road worker in 1956 found 360 million year old fish fossils . These were from the Devonian period in the Paleozoic era .
The Yankees home games were played on the Polo Grounds .
It was Buchananâ s work on this sub-discipline that in 1986 brought him the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for his `` development of the contractual and constitutional bases for the theory of economic and political decision-making . ''
Their opponents in the final were Hanley and Chan after they won a match tiebreak 11 â `` 9 against Tecau and Mettekâ `` Sands .
Cate Blanchett -LRB- born May 14 , 1969 -RRB- is an Australian actor .
Desmond `` Des '' Bernard O'Connor -LRB- born January 12 , 1932 -RRB- is an English television presenter and singer .
75 % of the poor are in rural areas , most of them are daily wagers , self-employed householders and landless labourers .
Naoto Otake -LRB- born 18 October 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Magnificat anima mea Dominum , et exsultavit spiritus meus in Deo salutari meo . Quia respexit humilitatem ancillae suae .
Administratively , it is part of the East Nusa Tenggara province .
A vigorous tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa late on August 20 , and almost immediately developed convective banding and a broad circulation .
Alexander Gray -LRB- June 21 , 1899 - April 10 , 1986 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1933 .
Units use different names for each membership levelâ '' Cub Scouts are organized as packs , Boy Scouts as troops , Varsity Scouts as teams , Venturers as crews , and Sea Scouts as ships .
Early Christian writings use the word to refer to the will of God , the human will , and even the will of God 's opponent , the Devil .
Savage has a column on sexuality called Savage Love that appears in numerous newspapers and in particular alternative weekly newspapers .
Stuart Fergusson Victor Sutcliffe -LRB- June 23 , 1940 -- April 10 , 1962 -RRB- was an early member of the English band The Beatles .
On the Blumenberg the Berlin specimen of Archaeopteryx was found .
Over the following three seasons , Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL , with stints at the Cleveland Barons , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers -LRB- on two occasions -RRB- and the Las Vegas Wranglers .
In past years , the `` Mansfield Balloon Festival '' celebrated hot air balloons , and many people came from from across the state .
The Battle of Marathon took place in 490 BC , during the first Persian invasion of Greece .
Bedigliora is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It began as a result of Henry VIII 's quarrel with Pope Clement VII regarding his refusal to grant a divorce .
Hillel Slovak , Flea , and Jack Irons were members of both bands , but Slovak and Irons left after Red Hot Chili Peppers ' first album .
The new building incorporated the old Freedom House Pagoda within its design .
Houghton House passed to the Duke of Bedford in 1738 and became a ruin after the removal of the roof in 1794 .
The Simputer Trust licensed two manufacturers to build the devices , Encore Software , which has also built the Mobilis for Corporate\/Educational purposes and the SATHI for Defense purposes , and PicoPeta Simputers , which released a consumer product named the Amida Simputer .
`` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? ''
Time is measured in mya along the x-axis .
Boutsen passed Berger early on but could not keep up with Senna .
It was then to be followed by a coffee table book of images created for the `` Holy Wood '' project .
This goal was widely shared among Esperanto speakers in the early decades of the movement .
Neptune and Uranus are often considered to be part of a sub-class of gas giant known as `` ice giants '' , given their smaller size and big differences in composition compared to Jupiter and Saturn .
It happened on April 1 , 2001 at the Reliant Astrodome in Houston , Texas .
She started her career as a viola player , but soon she started to become well-known for her compositions and became a full-time composer .
Islisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Saint-Jean-Chambre is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Ken and his wife , Alice , have two children : a son Kenneth Jr. , and daughter Mary Ashley .
Shirley Mount Hufstedler -LRB- born August 24 , 1925 in Denver , Colorado -RRB- was United States Secretary of Education under President Jimmy Carter .
The word grist is related to the verb `` to grind '' .
The islands ' position produces a place of great contrastâ '' the ameliorating effect of the sea means they rarely have frost or snow , which allows local farmers to grow flowers well ahead of those in mainland Britain .
Kim Yong-Gwi -LRB- Korean : ê ì ê , Hanja : é ` æ å , born 24 January 1985 in Himeji , HyÅ go , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese-born South Korean footballer who played for J. League Division 2 side Shonan Bellmare .
He left the army when he was nineteen , as he entered Heilongjiang University and earned a bachelor 's degree in English studies .
Beneath a Steel Sky is a British point and click adventure computer game made by Revolution Software and published by Virgin Interactive for DOS , the Amiga , and the Amiga CD32 .
Rather than maintaining some basic , core levels of simplicity , the multiple nerdisms start interfering with earlier peculiar features , and the result becomes conflicting nerdisms with almost unpredictable , expanding quirks .
The film portrays four girls in a trend-setting clique at a fictional Ohio high school .
A scarf is a piece of fabric worn around the neck , or near the head or around the waist for warmth , cleanliness , fashion or for religious reasons .
Les Oubeaux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The American Robin has an extensive range , estimated at 16 million square kilometers -LRB- 6 million square miles -RRB- , and a large population of about 320 million individuals .
Bracey was born in Byram , Mississippi , and started playing at local dances and parties around 1917 .
This page lists times between 10 3 seconds and 10 2 seconds -LRB- 1 millisecond to 10 milliseconds -RRB- .
Armor for Sleep was a American Alternative rock band . They formed in 2001 in New Jersey and disbanded in 2009 because of being inactive and not undertaking a tour for over a year .
He also played with the New York Islanders for 7 seasons before signing a one-year contract with the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2009 â `` 10 offseason .
So the name signifies that the town was at the head or end of a round hill .
Nippur was situated on both sides of the Shatt-en-Nil canal , one of the earliest courses of the Euphrates , between the present bed of that river and the Tigris , almost 160 km southeast of Baghdad .
Nils Markus Rosenberg , born 27 September 1982 in MalmÃ -RRB- is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Spanish side Racing Santander .
The Kristallnacht -LRB- also called Reichskristallnacht , Reichspogromnacht -RRB- was a two day pogrom that happened against Jews in Nazi Germany and parts of Austria . It was between November 9 and November 10 , 1938 .
In a dance party she met George H. W. Bush . At that time she was a girl of 17 years , and Bush was a student at Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts .
A tropical depression is judged to have intensified into a tropical cyclone if winds reach 65 km\/h , -LRB- 40 mph -RRB- and it is clear that gales are occurring more than halfway around the center .
The first aboriginal settlers of Australia may have encountered living Megalania .
Although these goods are free goods -LRB- in the economic sense -RRB- once they have been produced , they do require scarce resources , such as skilled labor , to create them in the first place .
Collins became one of the leading figures in Sinn FÃ in after the Rising . This was a small nationalist party which the British government and the Irish media wrongly blamed for the Rising .
On July 14 , 2008 a weakening weather system stretched across northern Florida , causing thunderstorms .
He lives in Herne in the Ruhr with his wife and his dog .
From 1936 to 1938 , Pepsi-Cola 's profits doubled .
The Roman Civil War , however , was not ended .
Bad Religion is an American punk band , made in Southern California in 1979 by Jay Bentley -LRB- bass -RRB- , Greg Graffin -LRB- vocals -RRB- , Brett Gurewitz -LRB- guitars -RRB- and Jay Ziskrout -LRB- drums -RRB- .
The Aboriginal town of Yirrkala , just outside Nhulunbuy , is famous throughout the world . This is because of its its bark paintings , and its role in supporting the rights of Indigenous Australians .
These bridges were an integral part on the Inca road system and are an example of Inca innovation in engineering .
603 â `` 628 : War with Byzantium .
It is the home of The Royal Opera , The Royal Ballet and the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House .
Olendon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Mahmud I was the older brother of Osman III -LRB- 1754 â `` 57 -RRB- .
It stars Robert De Niro , Ben Stiller , Jessica Alba , Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand .
They are often the target of pranks , known collectively as gnoming : people have been known to return garden gnomes `` to the wild '' , most notably France 's `` Front de Liberation des Nains de Jardins '' and Italy 's `` MALAG '' -LRB- Garden Gnome Liberation Front -RRB- .
Greenville is a city in South Carolina , United States . Bob Jones University is in Greenville .
For example , an article about a novel may cite passages to describe the plot , but any interpretation needs a secondary source .
Food is provided , at least in part , by members of the community , thereby creating nightly potluck dinners .
The people of Guernsey erected a statue in Candie Gardens -LRB- St. Peter Port -RRB- to commemorate his stay in the islands .
His maternal grandparents were Furugh Afnan and Cecil Fadlo Hourani , who was an advisor to the late Tunisian president Habib Bourguiba , as well as an author ; Cecil Hourani is also the brother of Albert Hourani , a major historian of the Middle East .
It was discovered by Gladman , et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 7 .
They become pathological or piles when swollen or inflamed .
Ø Ø Û -RRB- is a Hill Station in the Karakoram mountain range nearly 40km from Saidu Sharif in Swat Valley , Sarhad , Pakistan .
The stars mu Leonis , kappa Leonis , lambda Leonis , and epsilon Leonis form the head of the lion .
Today it is the official residence of The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester ; the Duke and Duchess of Kent ; and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent .
Upon hearing of the storming of the Rangoon University campus and the forcible removal of U Thant 's coffin , many people rioted in the streets of Rangoon .
Within the marine paleoenvironment , trilobites were found in a broad range from extremely shallow water to very deep water .
He was successor to Sekhemkhet , and he was probably a son of Sekhemkhet .
However , unlike in modern-style rectrices -LRB- tail feathers -RRB- , the vanes were not branched into individual filaments but made up of a single ribbon-like sheet .
This category is the top level for locomotives .
The presidential office was created in 1948 under the 1947 Constitution of the Republic of China -LRB- Taiwan -RRB- .
Dark matter gravitates as ordinary matter does , and thus slows the expansion of the universe ; by contrast , dark energy serves to accelerate the universe 's expansion .
In certain Melanesian communities this is expected between older and younger boys .
To fill the empty musical spots , Stefan Elmgren assumed the lead guitar and Patrik RÃ fling assumed the drums and Fredrik decided to remain in the band until a suitable replacement for him was found .
During Roman times , Bergli was probably a Roman fort .
The double bass also has many other names . Some bluegrass musicians call it a `` bass fiddle '' or a `` bull fiddle . ''
Aegyptosaurus was a close relative of Argentinosaurus , a much larger dinosaur found in South America .
Long appeared afterward and stated that even though JBL had won the match , SmackDown !
Driggs is a city in Teton County , Idaho , United States .
In North America , sizes for dimensional lumber made from hardwoods varies from the sizes for softwoods .
Alain Giresse -LRB- born 2 August 1952 in Langoiran , Gironde -RRB- is a retired French professional football -LRB- soccer -RRB- midfielder .
A glioma is a type of tumor that starts in the brain or spine . It is called a glioma because it arises from glial cells .
On September 18 , 2010 , tens of thousands of Germans surrounded Chancellor Angela Merkelâ s office in an anti-nuclear demonstration that organisers said was the biggest of its kind since the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 .
A state religion -LRB- also called an official religion , established church or state church -RRB- is a religious group or creed officially accepted by the state .
Mankiewicz later commented that he had seen an innocence in her that he found appealing , and that this had confirmed his belief in her suitability for the role .
Howard Carter -LRB- 9 May 1874-2 March 1939 -RRB- was an English archaeologist and Egyptologist , noted as a primary discoverer of the tomb of Tutankhamun .
Courmelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Especially in Britain , lots of people say that Baird was the first person to make a live , moving , greyscale television picture from reflected light .
Zadar is Silba 's mainland administrative center ; it is part of the Zadar County .
The Middle Jurassic is the only poorly represented time period in North America , although several Middle Jurassic localities are known from Mexico .
The winners of the singles titles took home A$ 2.2 million -LRB- US$ 2.1 million -RRB- with the finalists receiving A$ 1.1 million -LRB- US$ 1 million -RRB- .
In 1929 , that branch of the Teutonic knights was converted to a purely spiritual Roman Catholic religious order and renamed the Deutscher Orden -LRB- `` German Order '' -RRB- . After Austria 's annexation by Nazi Germany in 1938 , the Teutonic Order was suppressed throughout the GroÃ deutsches Reich until defeat of that regime , although the Nazis used imagery of the medieval Teutonic knights for propagandistic purposes .
Further , those in these groups are also given a button for wear on the lapel of non-formal civilian clothing , for events such as business meetings of the order .
Okeechobee County was created in 1917 .
The plot of the game follows a new PokÃ mon trainer who is on a journey to become a PokÃ mon master .
Orton then attempted to use Undertaker 's own finishing maneuver against him with the Tombstone piledriver , however , it was reversed by Undertaker into Tombstone piledriver of his own which led to the definitive pin fall .
Competition and natural thinning slowly reduces the number of mature trees to about 30 to 40 per hectare .
I Me Mine is also the title of Harrison 's autobiography .
Payne helps make Hung along with Lipkin , Burson , and Blueprint Entertainment .
Hercules tells Zeus that there have been no monsters for a while , which is good as he has now settled down with Deianeira to raise the children .
The discus throw is the subject of a number of well-known ancient Greek statues and Roman copies such as the Discobolus and Discophoros .
The 1963 Atlantic hurricane season started on June 1 , 1963 , and ended in November 30 , 1963 .
The New York Times reported , `` We may frankly say that we have never seen a public supper served in a more inapproachable fashion , with greater discretion , or upon a more luxurious scale '' .
Prignac-et-Marcamps is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The style , however , is used when referring to the office and not to the person ; `` The Rt Hon The Lord Mayor of London '' would be correct , while `` The Rt Hon John Smith '' would be incorrect .
In some cases , Chrisgau changes his rating -- if so , use the final grade .
These have included a great many of the world 's best known conductors , including Richard Strauss , Arturo Toscanini , Hans Knappertsbusch , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler , John Barbirolli , Carlo Maria Giulini , Georg Solti , Erich Kleiber , James Levine , Zubin Mehta , Carlos Kleiber , Claudio Abbado , Riccardo Muti , Nikolaus Harnoncourt , Pierre Boulez , Lorin Maazel , Mariss Jansons , Daniel Barenboim and Valery Gergiev .
Giancarlo De Sisti -LRB- born 13 March , 1943 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Batista and Kane , Edge 's title opponent , faced Khali at The Great American Bash in a Triple Threat match where Khali retained the title .
Windows 98 was seen by many as an upgrade to Windows 95 , rather than a rebuilt version of Windows .
Chamad -LRB- also known as Chamhad -RRB- is one of the 51 Union Councils -LRB- subdivisions -RRB- of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Some episodes have also included at least one celebrity .
Even though `` lorem ipsum '' often arouses curiosity because of its resemblance to classical Latin , it is not intended to have meaning .
Datuk Nicol Ann David -LRB- born August 26 , 1983 -RRB- is a Malaysian professional squash player .
Stowmarket is a small market town situated in Suffolk , England , on the busy A14 trunk road between Bury St Edmunds to the west and Ipswich to the southeast .
Between the 17th century and 1959 , the Dalai Lama was the head of the Tibetan government .
Douglas Edward Alexander Gustafsson McIntosh -LRB- born 31 January 1977 in Philadelphia , U.S. -RRB- is a Swedish football goalkeeper .
This is probably because most languages implementing anonymous functions allow them to form closures and programmers are usually introduced to both concepts at the same time .
The Class 171 Turbostar is a type of diesel multiple unit -LRB- DMU -RRB- built by Bombardier Transportation -LRB- previously ADtranz -RRB- at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby , England which is identical to the Class 170 , except for the replacement of the BSI -LRB- Bergische Stahl Industrie -RRB- coupler with a Dellner coupler .
George Adamski -LRB- April 17 , 1891 â `` April 23 , 1965 -RRB- was a Polish-born American citizen who became widely known in ufology circles , and to some degree in popular culture , after he claimed to have photographed ships from other planets , met with friendly Nordic alien `` Space Brothers '' , and to have taken flights with them .
Gregorio Allegri -LRB- 1582 -- 17 February 1652 -RRB- was an Italian composer of the Roman School and brother of Domenico Allegri ; he was also a priest and a singer .
Once found in Asia , Europe and North America , tarsiers are now only found on several Southeast Asian islands including the Philippines , Sulawesi , Borneo , and Sumatra .
This article does not list the subsequent Ernestine dukes .
Carter is to be starring next to Matthew Macfadyen and Denis Lawson .
The Fishermanâ s Landing part was opened in 1980 .
In the middle ages , these were organized into guilds .
A main source of the river is Lulusar lake , nearly 48km from Naran Valley .
Hugo Ibarra -LRB- born 1 April 1974 -RRB- is an Argentine football player .
Roclincourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The company has over 100 stores in Greater London and South East England .
It is the only member of the genus Jabiru .
A more comprehensive measure is enterprise value -LRB- EV -RRB- , which includes debt and other factors .
Approximately one third of the IWA 's income is derived from membership subscriptions , the remainder coming mainly from the funding of specific research projects by trusts and foundations , and other public and private organizations .
Over the years she has worked in various styles including jazz and art song .
In 2007 his ongoing research was described by the University of Minnesota as `` comparison and analysis of systems and techniques of economic organization , welfare economics , game-theoretic implementation of social choice goals , and modeling economic institutions . ''
All of the African Great Lakes were formed as the result of the rift , and most lie within its rift valley .
The stadium holds 6,000 people .
Undergraduate admissions to Ohio State are said to be `` more selective '' by US News & World Report . It is the most selective public university in Ohio , and it is the hardest university in Ohio to get into .
Boiling tubes are commonly made from Pyrex glass which can tolerate high temperatures .
Salem is a city of Fulton County in the state of Arkansas , United States .
The election of 1872 prompted Belmont to resign as chairman of the Democratic National Committee , but he stayed interested in politics as a champion of US Senator Thomas F. Bayard of Delaware for the presidency , and as a fierce critic of the process granting Rutherford B. Hayes the presidency in 1877 , and as an advocate of â hard money .
A key signature is not the same as a key ; key signatures are merely notational devices .
There are about 900 species of crickets .
BSELP3EP2 - Endangered Species LP Part Two A. Black Sun Empire - Are You There ?
Escoussans is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
It stopped operations at 3:00 am 18 April 2004 , with Connex Melbourne then taking over all rail operations .
Females have a blue crown and white throat , breast and belly .
This template 's usage is simple , after a passage of text in a given article that appears to be original research one simply tacks on to specify that particular passage as likely being of questionable origin .
A range of sunflower varieties exist with differing fatty acid compositions ; some ` high oleic ' types contain a higher level of healthy monounsaturated fats in their oil than Olive oil .
He earned his first points in the United States Grand Prix . In that race , most of the teams pulled over an issue of tyre safety .
Antonio Puerta -LRB- born 26 November 1984 - died 28 August 2007 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
The admission of a drinking problem seriously damaged his standing within the parliamentary party .
Sensing the Old West was getting too tame , as an adult Burnham went to Africa where this background proved useful .
In March 2006 , the Television and Radio Industries Club named Piper as best new TV talent at their annual awards ceremony .
Oatmeal caudle , made of ale and oatmeal with spices , was a traditional British drink and a favorite of Oliver Cromwell .
The idyllic place was called Shangri-la , a Tibetan word meaning `` Heaven on earth '' .
The Vespucci expedition also named the Potengi -LRB- Tupi-Guarani for `` River of Shrimps '' -RRB- river , whose considerably large mouth contrasted with the nearby bodies of water , `` Rio Grande '' -LRB- Portuguese for `` Great River '' -RRB- , after which the Captaincy , Province , and State were named .
In 2009 , Coldplay was nominated for four BRIT Awards : British Group , British Live Act , British Single -LRB- `` Viva la Vida '' -RRB- and British Album -LRB- Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends -RRB- .
The latest game , Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots has been made by Konami for the Playstation 3 .
Hondo Valle is a town in the ElÃ as PiÃ a province of the Dominican Republic .
She is known for her role as Colleen McMurphy on the ABC television show China Beach -LRB- 1988 â `` 1991 -RRB- , Katherine Mayfair on Desperate Housewives -LRB- 2007 â `` 2010 -RRB- , Megan Hunt on Body of Proof -LRB- 2011 â `` present -RRB- and , as a voice-actress , Lois Lane in the DC Animated Universe as well as the television series The Batman .
The Jolson Story and its sequel Jolson Sings Again -LRB- 1949 -RRB- introduced a new generation to Jolson .
Louis-Claude Daquin -LRB- or d'Acquin -RRB- , -LRB- July 4 , 1694 -- June 15 , 1772 -RRB- was a French composer of Jewish birth writing in the Baroque and Galant styles .
Acrocanthosaurus -LRB- , meaning ` high-spined lizard ' -RRB- is a genus of theropod dinosaur that existed in what is now North America during the Aptian and early Albian stages of the Early Cretaceous . Like most dinosaur genera , Acrocanthosaurus contains only a single species , A. atokensis .
In 1828 , the `` Saxon Technical School '' was founded to educate workers in technological subjects such as mechanics and ship construction .
There are about fifty different species of rabbits and hares .
National parks are soil , water and forest conservation areas , and should be kept as natural as possible .
He introduced the concept of Pareto efficiency and helped develop the field of microeconomics . He also was the first to discover that income follows a Pareto distribution , which is a power law probability distribution .
Stratus controlled most of the match though Hemme attempted many pinning maneuvers that were unsuccessful .
Other types of chili dogs include Michigan dogs , which are from upstate New York , and Texas dogs , which are from Pennsylvania . Both Michigan and Texas dogs are spicy ; the Texas dog has spicy sauce and the Michigan dog has a spicy weiner .
Count Luigi -LRB- Lodovico -RRB- Corti .
In 1929 , Feuermann became professor at the Musikhochschule in Berlin where he taught for the next four years .
He also managed Johnny B. Badd , One Man Gang , Norman the Lunatic , The Skyscrapers -LRB- Sid Vicious , Dan Spivey and Mark Calaway -RRB- , Marcus Bagwell , 2 Cold Scorpio , Joey Maggs , Craig Pittman , Jim Powers , Bobby Walker , Ice Train and Bobby Eaton while in Jim Crockett Promotions and WCW .
Ender 's Shadow is the first of a series that includes Shadow of the Hegemon , Shadow Puppets , and Shadow of the Giant .
The railway reached Grenfell in 1901 .
In June , 1991 , with Hovsep Hovsepyan co-founded and commanded the `` Liberation army '' military organization whose goal was to preserve the self-determination and defense of the local Armenian population of Nagorno-Karabakh .
In the original LNER coding system , S stood for `` Second '' , an intermediate class between First and Third -LRB- which later became Second -RRB- .
However , the pentatonic scale which is used in most Western music uses notes which do not have any semitones .
The entire collection of these separate space-times is denoted as the multiverse .
Geneva hosts the international headquarters of companies like JT International -LRB- JTI -RRB- , Mediterranean Shipping Company , Serono , SITA , SociÃ tÃ GÃ nÃ rale de Surveillance and STMicroelectronics .
Her stories were written in English and translated into French , Italian , German , Spanish , Dutch , Japanese , Korean , Turkish , Greek , Finnish , Hungarian , Swedish , Portuguese and Hebrew .
The orchestra was founded in 1920 by Neville Chamberlain , the man who later became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom . At that time it was called City of Birmingham Orchestra .
This trend is sometimes known as `` throughput computing '' .
Sinima is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
; name : The first parameter is mandatory , and identifies the name of the country , region , city , etc. .
Each nation in charge would bring its own cook and , in the American , French , and British months , feed the prisoners better than regulations allowed .
In the UK , the service has become the standard format for schools ' Christmas carol services .
Released under the terms of the Mozilla Public License , Swiftweasel is free and open source software .
A hypercube of dimension n has 2n `` sides '' -LRB- a 1-dimensional line has 2 end points ; a 2-dimensional square has 4 sides or edges ; a 3-dimensional cube has 6 2-dimensional faces ; a 4-dimensional tesseract has 8 cells -RRB- .
In 2006 he played for the Polish team at the Chess Olympiad played in Turin scoring 9 points out of 11 games .
Finally , the Late Cretaceous Period , the greatest abundance and diversity of dinosaurs of all time lived in North America .
Other institutions of higher learning in Austin include Austin Community College , Concordia University , Huston-Tillotson University , St. Edward 's University , the Seminary of the Southwest , the Acton School of Business , Austin Graduate School of Theology , Austin Presbyterian Theological Seminary , Virginia College 's Austin Campus , The Art Institute of Austin , Austin Conservatory and a branch of Park University .
University of California is a part of the state 's three-tier public higher education system , which also includes the California State University system and the California Community Colleges system .
He was baptised with the name of Karl Ernst Ludwig Marx Planck ; of his given names , Marx -LRB- a now not used variant of Markus or maybe simply an error for Max , which is actually short for Maximilian -RRB- was indicated as the primary name .
Suzuki 's scientific background is reflected in the writing 's rational and analytic style .
Manganese -LRB- IV -RRB- oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula .
The Jurassic Coast is a World Heritage Site on the English Channel coast of southern England .
The spiders eat the bolas if they have not made a kill in about 30 minutes , rest for a while , and then make new bolas .
Market East Station is an underground SEPTA Regional Rail station located in the Market East neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
After control is taken by the virus and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself , replication occurs quickly .
The building was the target of the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19 , 1995 , which killed 168 people , including 19 children .
As she travels with Xena , she records their adventures on a series of scrolls , with an eye for flair and drama .
Aristotle is the father of logic .
Preliminary damage estimates were $ 3 billion , the costliest so far in this season .
Saint - Ã tienne-du-Bois is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Woodward 's Wallaroo or Black Wallaroo , Macropus bernardus , lives in steep , rocky ground in Arnhem Land .
The same authority is extended under international law over the Apostolic Nunciature of the Holy See in a foreign country .
Maltose -LRB- known as malt sugar -RRB- is a disaccharide -LRB- sometimes called di-glucose -RRB- . It is formed from two glucose molecules joined together at carbons 1 and 4 .
Many Roman Catholics profess some heterodox views , either on doctrinal or social issues .
She also made her first solo album , Airs and Graces in 1976 .
Gregory R. Dahlberg -LRB- acting -RRB- January 20 , 2001 â `` March 4 , 2001 George W. Bush
Then it can be set to automatically only report when the number of items is above some limit .
At the outbreak of the First World War he volunteered with the Red Cross as a medical doctor and was sent directly to the frontline , where he was badly injured at least twice .
Different emotions such as -LRB- '' -RRB- -LRB- - _ - -RRB- -LRB- '' -RRB- , are expressed by changing the character representing the eyes , for example ' T ' can be used to express crying or sadness -LRB- T_T -RRB- .
They are used in different settings such as in classrooms at all level of educations , in work groups and training rooms for professional coaching for example sport coaching .
Latresne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Political scientists study matters concerning the allocation and transfer of power in decision making , the roles and systems of governance including governments and international organizations , political behavior and public policies .
Hyssop -LRB- Hyssopus -RRB- is a genus of about 10-12 species of herbaceous or semi-woody plants in the family Lamiaceae , native from the east Mediterranean to central Asia .
Natural gas is commercially extracted from oil fields and natural gas fields . Gas extracted from oil wells is called casinghead gas or associated gas .
Vinnie also released a collector 's CD in 2001 entitled Speedball Jamm which consisted of his own private recordings of the VINNIE VINCENT INVASION jamm sessions recorded during rehearsals in 1986 which included moments of just Vinnie soloing alone .
Toes are the digits of the foot of a tetrapod .
Public health plays an important role in disease prevention efforts in both the developing world and in developed countries , through local health systems and through international non-governmental organizations .
Most of these are produced by fermentation of the fungus called Mucor miehei . However , others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family .
Weight training uses a variety of specialized equipment to target specific muscle groups and types of movement .
The BahÃ ' Ã Faith looks different in different countries , because there are few rituals , so BahÃ ' Ã s can include their own culture in the way they celebrate BahÃ ' Ã events , say prayers , etc.
The Mozilla Foundation describes itself as `` a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet '' .
Villars , Vaucluse is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
In 1972 , Brian Johnson became one of the founding members of the glam rock band Geordie .
-LRB- The Cathedral also serves as home to the chapels of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire and The Imperial Society of Knights Bachelor . -RRB-
Sanghen is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Vailly-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Like solar wind , the planetary wind is made up of light gases that have come out of planets ' atmospheres .
In the primary -LRB- growing -RRB- plant cell wall , the major carbohydrates are cellulose , hemicellulose and pectin .
In 2007 he celebrated his 70th birthday by giving an invited birthday lecture at the University of Southampton .
At the same time , neither recognition is enough to create a state , nor does its absence abolish it . ''
Malavan Bandar Anzali Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Bandar-e Anzali , Iran .
This tree is similar to the Broad-leaf Paperbark -LRB- Melaleuca quinquenervia -RRB- in its thick spongy bark .
Shinji Fujiyoshi -LRB- born 3 April 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Contrary to rumors , no second season is planned .
Many of the city 's landmark structures and preserved neighborhoods were constructed during this period .
Screenwriters Dan Harris and Michael Dougherty and composer John Ottman left with him .
In August 2001 , Chitose released her second mini-album with Augusta Records entitled Kotonoha .
Tornadoes are rare in Maine with the state averaging fewer than two per year , mostly occurring in the southern part of the state .
Elementary algebra is a fundamental and relatively basic form of algebra taught to students who are presumed to have little or no formal knowledge of mathematics beyond arithmetic .
Prior to his election as mayor , Villaraigosa was the California State Assemblyman for the 45th District , the Speaker of the California State Assembly , and the Los Angeles City Councilman representing the 14th District .
The gestation period is 30-31 days . After the birth , the tiny baby Joey attaches to the teat in the females pouch for nine months .
Wenedyk does not have articles , words like `` a '' and `` the '' .
This is the hexadecimal color code used for Great Eastern Railway lines .
Here , as Papyrus Wilbour notes in its wealth of taxation records and land assessments , the temple of Nephthys was a specific foundation by Ramesses II , located in close proximity to -LRB- or within -RRB- the precinct of the enclosure of Set .
A native of Salt Lake City , Utah , Alex has also lived in Virginia and California .
Nundle is a village in the New England area of New South Wales , Australia .
Melbourne 's Luna Park is a historic amusement park located on the foreshore of Port Phillip Bay in St Kilda , Victoria , an inner suburb of Melbourne , Australia .
It has been introduced and has established itself in the wild in many Pacific islands including Fiji , Samoa , Tonga , and Hawaii .
Many mosques throughout the United States welcome non-Muslims as a sign of openness to the rest of the community as well as to encourage conversions to Islam .
Corbin is located in Kentucky 's 5th Congressional District .
Takayuki Nishigaya -LRB- born 12 May 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
... displays the following table :
Gontenschwil is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
After leaving Kiss , Frehley embarked on a solo career , which was put on hold when he rejoined Kiss in 1996 for a highly successful reunion tour .
The oldest trees are determined by growth rings , which can be seen if the tree is cut down or in cores taken from the edge to the center of the tree .
Edmund Neupert gave the concerto its first performance on 3 April 1869 in the Casino Theater in Copenhagen .
Khan Bahadur Khan Abdul Rehman Khan Sahib , a Minister in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa from 1932 to 1942 , was born in Nagri Totial .
Cunard was formed in 1840 by Samuel Cunard after he decided to start a company that would carry mail from England to the United States .
It is frequently a better option to do one or more of the following :
Major success came in 1963 with the Lotus 25 , which â '' with Jim Clark driving â '' won Lotus its first F1 World Constructors Championship .
Piper left the BBC in 1879 to join the Two Counties Radio in Bournemouth , as the station 's first Programme Controller .
Dan Blocker -LRB- December 10 , 1928 â `` May 13 , 1972 -RRB- was an American actor best remembered for his role as Eric `` Hoss '' Cartwright in the NBC western television blockbuster Bonanza .
In that episode , Frasier , on a trip to Boston , meets the Cheers gang -LRB- though not at Cheers itself -RRB- and Cliff thinks Frasier has flown out specifically for his -LRB- Cliff 's -RRB- retirement party , which Frasier ends up attending . Frasier was on the air for as many seasons and almost as many episodes as Cheers , going off the air in 2004 after an eleven-season run .
At the Les Palmiste on the eastern coast visit a pre-Columbian rock carving of a goddess at La Grotte au Bassin and two big caves at Trou d'Enfer and La Grotte de la Galerie .
According to Disney legend , Harambe was once part of a Dutch colony , but a peaceful revolution made Harambe self-governing in 1963 .
Sultan Muhammed Shah , Aga Khan III , GCSI , GCMG , GCIE , GCVO , PC -LRB- November 2 , 1877 -- July 11 , 1957 -RRB- was the 48th Imam of the Shia Ismaili Muslims .
Ryuhei Niwa is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Sagan Tosu .
The city borders in south to the Macon County line .
A study in 2005 concluded that mothers teach the behavior to their daughters , and that all the sponge-users are closely related , suggesting that it is a fairly recent innovation .
A Lego minifigure is a small plastic figurine available as part of the construction toy Lego , produced by Danish toy manufacturer the Lego Group .
On the nearby island of Sumatra , there are reports of a 1-1 .5 m tall humanoid , the Orang Pendek which might be related to H. floresiensis .
The Andrews Sisters were notable for their song `` The Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy '' .
Because of this , 52 boats were destroyed , of which 20 sank .
In an article discussing happiness in video games , Gamasutra editor Lorenzo Wang listed the sound the Goomba makes when it 's squished as one of his pleasures .
Casting Crowns is a Grammy Award winning Christian Rock band . Casting Crowns was started in 1999 by a pastor named Mark Hall in Downtown Daytona Beach , Florida as part of a youth group .
See also : the history of quantum mechanics .
Since 1995 , the cities of Birmingham , Bristol , Leeds , Liverpool , Manchester , Newcastle , Nottingham and Sheffield have assembled together in the English Core Cities Group .
He formed a concert society to perform Wagner 's Parsifal , Beethoven 's Missa solemnis , Brahms ' German Requiem , and new works by French composers .
The median age was 40 years .
Currently , certifications are available in 9 modules , covering different sectors of financial and capital markets .
Her range changes from contralto to dramatic mezzo-soprano on such songs as The Host of Seraphim , Elegy , Space Weaver and Come This Way .
Andorra la Vella is the capital city of the principality of Andorra . It is located in the Pyrenees mountains between France and Spain .
The import ban was only loosely enforced until 2002 .
He is generally considered the first in a line of great artists who contributed to the Italian Renaissance .
The San Joaquin River eventually meets the Sacramento River , forming the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta .
In 1960 , at the age of 23 , Tal thoroughly defeated the relatively staid and strategic Mikhail Botvinnik in a World Championship match , held in Moscow , by 12 Â 1\/2 â `` 8 Â 1\/2 -LRB- six wins , two losses , and thirteen draws -RRB- , making him the youngest-ever world champion -LRB- a record later broken by Garry Kasparov , who earned the title at 22 -RRB- .
Please , see the instructions there .
There is also recognition in some schools of Buddhism of twenty-one TÄ rÄ s. A practice text entitled `` In Praise of the 21 TÄ rÄ s '' , is recited during the morning in all four sects of Tibetan Buddhism .
Droseraceae is a family of flowering plants .
Copies that were for Europe were shipped early and German blogger Philipp Lenssen of Google Blogoscoped made a scanned copy of the 38-page comic available on his website after receiving it on 1 September 2008 .
On June 25 , 2007 , police entered Benoit 's home on a `` welfare check '' after several missed appointments , leading to concerns .
Loubens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Johnny Gilbert was an Australian bushranger shot dead by the police at the age of 23 near Binalong , New South Wales on May 13 , 1865 . John Gilbert was the only Australian bushranger to never been in a prison .
Tobacco use increased between 1933 and 1939 . But smoking by military personnel declined from 1939 to 1945 .
In March 2011 , around 2,000 anti-nuclear protesters demonstrated in Taiwan for an immediate end to the construction of the island 's fourth nuclear power plant .
It consisted of several Caribbean colonies of the United Kingdom .
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide .
The term plasmid was first introduced by the American molecular biologist Joshua Lederberg in 1952 .
Having finished his service , he moved to New York , where he worked in several minor jobs .
It is the oldest and largest library association in the world . It has more than 62,000 members .
Cooking Channel launched a high-definition feed on June 30 , 2010 .
An important case where the Coriolis force is observed is the rotating Earth .
This has occurred on several occasions , most notably the surrender by South Australia to the Commonwealth of the Northern Territory .
He became offensive coordinator in Pittsburgh for the 2004 season after Mike Mularkey became the head coach of the Buffalo Bills .
When he was a teenager , Gareth joined the Gwent Young People 's Theatre in Abergavenny and The Dolman Youth Theatre in Newport .
It contains five villages .
Since 1978 there has never another Tropical or Subtropical cyclone to form in the month of January .
Natural beehives -LRB- or `` nests '' -RRB- are made by honey bee colonies , while domesticated honey bees are kept in man-made beehives in a location known as an apiary .
The Goombas are designed after a kind of mushroom called shiitake .
Waters sued the remaining members for the rights to the name , Waters lost and the band enjoyed worldwide success with A Momentary Lapse of Reason -LRB- 1987 -RRB- and The Division Bell -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
The university became a favored choice for bright Jewish students from New York in the 1920s and 1930s when the Ivy League schools had quotas restricting the number of Jews to be admitted .
Thallium -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , also known as thallic oxide , is a chemical compound .
Du PrÃ died in 1987 .
Sabellianism teaching of Modalism and singular name baptism was also accompanied by glossolalia and prophecy among the abovementioned sect of Montanists .
Hisashi Kaneko -LRB- born September 12 , 1959 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
produces a single non-breaking space .
If you find any tricky cases then list them on the talk page of this template and you 'll get help .
the effect of class `` metadata '' is that by default the image is not printed when using the Monobook skin .
The surface of Callisto is heavily cratered and extremely old .
Creates a location map as a composite image of an existing map in either equirectangular projection or skewed projection , with multiple -LRB- up to 4 -RRB- markers and optional labels superimposed onto it .
Even the Church herself is not proof against snares of this kind .
The GenzÄ RabbÄ is divided into two halvesâ '' the GenzÄ SmÄ lÄ or `` Left Ginza '' and the GenzÄ YeminÄ or `` Right Ginza '' .
An official soundtrack was released in Japan on July 21 , 1994 by Sony Music Entertainment Japan .
The station is on the boundary of zones 1 and 2 of the London Travelcard area .
Trousers are worn at the hips or waist , and may be held up by their own by a belt , or suspenders -LRB- braces -RRB- .
Super Junior -LRB- Korean : ì í 1\/4 ì # 1\/4 ë ì -- -RRB- , also known as SJ or SuJu is a South Korean boy band , under SM Entertainment .
There are six power-ups available in New Super Mario Bros. ; the game allows the player to store an extra power-up when he is already using one , a feature carried over from Super Mario World . Three power-ups from Super Mario Bros. return : the Super Mushroom makes Mario grow in size , the Fire Flower lets Mario throw fireballs , and the Starman makes Mario invincible temporarily .
An interregnum occurs also upon the death of the Pope , though this is generally known as a sede vacante -LRB- vacant seat -RRB- .
Digital Spy is a British entertainment and media news website .
Martha Wainwright is a Canadian-American singer .
The created formulae can then be embedded inside other OpenOffice.org documents , such as those created by Writer .
Hildesheim is a city in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The company motto is `` Keine Kompromisse ! ''
Long became the manager of Doom -LRB- Ron Simmons and Butch Reed -RRB- and led them to the World Tag Team Titles .
The first was in 1970 , commemorating James Cook 's exploration along the east coast of the Australian continent , followed in 1977 by a coin for Queen Elizabeth II 's Silver Jubilee , the wedding of Charles , Prince of Wales and Lady Diana Spencer in 1981 , the Brisbane Commonwealth Games in 1982 , and the Australian Bicentenary in 1988 .
It is a fishing port located near the gulf of the same name -LRB- Saint-Florent Gulf -RRB- .
The album contains fast and complex songs such as `` Surfing with the Alien '' and `` Satch Boogie '' in addition to the stranger-sounding `` Crushing Day '' and `` Lords of Karma '' , in contrast to slower , melodic songs like `` Always with Me , Always with You '' and `` Echo '' which provide a change of pace .
The concluding Sanskrit expression in the Avadhoota Upanishad is `` Svecchachara Paro . ''
Drugs did not have to be checked for safety . But in 1937 , a drug called Elixir Sulfanilamide killed more than 100 people .
They arrested a young boy on suspicion of being an accomplice and allowed him to remain in the lock-up without comforts ; his death in March 1863 from gaol fever further diminished Pottinger 's reputation .
In 2010 , three metazoan species , all in the Loricifera phylum , were discovered living in the sediment , the first multicellular lifeforms known to live entirely without oxygen .
Before meeting Hitler , to appease the public , PaveliÄ published the `` Important Government 's Announcement '' -LRB- Â '' VaÅ 3\/4 na obavijest VladeÂ `` -RRB- in which he threatened those who were spreading the news `` about non-existent threats of disarmament of the Ustashe units by representatives of one foreign power , about the Croatian Army replacement by a foreign army , about the possibility that a foreign power would seize the power in Croatia ... '' -LRB- Hrvatski narod , September 3rd , 1942 . -RRB-
You were the first heartbeat in this project , and your support and brilliance means the world to me .
Once APT is enabled , the user can install packages from Debian 's repositories .
However , there was racial tension in the Dodger clubhouse .
The New International Bible -LRB- 1978 -RRB- - This Bible is between the King James Version -LRB- very literal -RRB- and the Good News Bible -LRB- very informal -RRB- .
Other recent studies have questioned the culture-fairness of IQ tests when used in South Africa .
The marquis had engraved on the five gates of the villa Palombara and on the walls of the mansion , the content of the manuscript with symbols and riddles in the hope that one day someone would be able to them .
For the most of his eleven year reign , he delegated the administration of Tuscany to his ministers .
A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee .
The climate is hot and humid with two seasons per year .
It is possible to steal second base , third base , or home plate , but not to steal first base .
Tranquillo Barnetta -LRB- born 22 May 1985 -RRB- is a Swiss football player . He plays for Bayer Leverkusen and Switzerland national team .
In a shock result , Kennedy was elected for the Social Democratic Party -LRB- SDP -RRB- : at 23 , he became the youngest MP in the House of Commons .
A number of rivers and streams rise in the Grampians : the Tay , Spey , Cowie Water , Burn of Muchalls , Burn of Pheppie , Burn of Elsick , Cairnie Burn , Don , Dee and Esk .
EusÃ bio -LRB- born 25 January 1942 -RRB- is a former Portuguese football player . He has played for Portugal national team .
Most of the suburbs of New Orleans are in this parish . Because of this Jefferson parish has the most population in the state .
In chemistry and physics , the atomic number of an atom is the number of protons in the atom .
The isles form part of the Hebrides , and are separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch , the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides .
Virginia Elizabeth `` Geena '' Davis -LRB- born January 21 , 1956 -RRB- is an American actress , film producer , writer , former fashion model , and a women 's Olympics archery team semi-finalist .
After the defeat , Zheng went back to Taiwan where he spent his time with wine and women , dying soon after of illness .
Seaweed is harvested in large quantities from Tokyo Bay .
There are also hybrid games combining aspects of both pool and carom billiards , such as English billiards , American four-ball billiards , cowboy pool and bottle pool .
The story then moves to 1923 , saying that Anna Anderson is Anastasia .
Craig Leo Stansberry -LRB- born March 8 , 1982 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia -RRB- is a Major League Baseball third baseman who is currently in the San Diego Padres organization .
Ozan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
TNT is a Norwegian hard rock\/heavy metal band . The band was formed in Trondheim in 1982 .
Some crayfish suffer from a disease called crayfish plague .
When she lived , Maria was not old enough to be a Red Cross nurse like her sisters . Instead , she was patroness of a hospital and visited wounded soldiers .
Gary Jules -LRB- born March 19 , 1969 -RRB- is an singer and his song , `` Mad World '' was played in the film , Donnie Darko .
Following the attack , Heyman announced that all ECW superstarts would be at Raw the next week .
In the first two sentences above , only one punctuation mark is used at the end of each .
Manson had begun writing material for the record as early as 1995 , prior to the release of Antichrist Superstar in 1996 .
Miller played more than 190 games for Wolves and scored more than 60 goals during his five years with the club .
The car , designed by Robin Herd , used an original 4WD transmission designed by Keith Duckworth -LRB- different from the Ferguson used by all other 4WD F1 cars of the 1960s -RRB- and powered by a magnesium version of the DFV unit .
It is a lot like a wet t-shirt contest that shows women .
The first cars built , part of an order for 339 Met-Camm cars , were 4 power\/trailer sets for the LMR Manchester area built in early 1957 .
There had also been a rivalry between Saddam and Khomeini since the 1970s .
Joseph Stalin refused to leave the city , meaning the general staff and the council of people 's commissars remained in the city as well .
On May 16 , 2008 , Long quit his role of Assistant General Manager .
New links can also be added to the list if a new spammer should start making them .
Merseyside contains the metropolitan boroughs of Liverpool , Knowsley , Sefton , St Helens and the Wirral .
The plot of the trilogy consists of the Guardians of Time -LRB- the Guard -RRB- , trying to protect the past , present , and future by traveling into the past to thwart their enemies , the Order of Chaos -LRB- the Order -RRB- , who are trying to change past events to give themselves more power .
It is a principal city , along with Auburn , in the Auburn-Opelika , Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area -LRB- MSA -RRB- .
The compounds with oxidation state +3 resemble the corresponding aluminium -LRB- III -RRB- compounds .
The song was first released as a B-side to the CD version of their hit single `` Wonderwall '' in October 1995 .
Dudley was a slave , born into slavery ; his parents were owned by Edward B. Dudley the Governor of North Carolina from 1836 to 1841 .
Pakistan Tamaddun Majlish -LRB- commonly known as Tamaddun Majlish -RRB- -LRB- Bangla : à à 3\/4 à à à à à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à à à à à -RRB- was an Islamic cultural organization in erstwhile East Pakistan , now known as Bangladesh .
Kids can play amongst oversized plants and toys at the Honey , I Shrunk the Kids Movie Set Adventure , based on the 1989 Disney film .
It was released on June 5 , 2003 .
They studied with violin teacher Max Rostal , who taught them free of charge .
Oxpeckers do eat ticks , but often the ticks that have already fed on the ungulate host and there has been no proven statistically significant link between oxpecker presence and reduced ectoparasite load .
They have two ocelli -LRB- eye spots -RRB- and short antennae .
An account with a username that indicates that they are trying to be disruptive , uses hateful or obscene language or otherwise shows that the user has disruptive or provocative intent will be hard blocked , meaning that an unblock request will be required .
However , after a remarkable series of events , spearheaded by the British Grandmaster Raymond Keene , Korchnoi agreed to play the match in London .
That is , the first one that is defined -LRB- not null -RRB- and not empty .
When a tornadic waterspout makes landfall it can be called a tornado , and can cause damage to buildings and other things made by people .
Pewee Valley is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
They are short-lived evergreen pachycaul shrubs or small trees growing to 5 â `` 10 m tall ; many bear edible fruit .
102 Dalmatians : Puppies to the Rescue is a videogame based on the live-action Disney movie 102 Dalmatians .
Dr. SzilÃ rd BogdÃ nffy was consecrated as bishop of Oradea of the Latins and auxiliary bishop of Satu Mare on February 14 , 1949 by Gerald Patrick Oâ Hara , Regent of the Apostolic Nunciature to Bucharest .
Interstate 89 -LRB- abbreviated I-89 -RRB- is an interstate highway in the New England region of the United States traveling between Bow , New Hampshire and Highgate Springs , Vermont .
It occurred between a force from the Muslim community of Medina led by Muhammad , and a force led by Abu Sufyan from Mecca , the town from which many of the Muslims had previously emigrated -LRB- hijra -RRB- .
Ù Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø -RRB- .
Alesi was 8.2 seconds ahead but Senna started to reel him in .
As of 2009 , he hosts a weekly program on XM Radio titled 60\/20 Sports with Luke Russert , son of the late Tim Russert who hosted NBC 's Meet The Press .
Internet Explorer 8 is identified as Internet Explorer 7 .
All formatting parameters use UPPERCASE and underscores -LRB- _ -RRB- , instead of spaces -LRB- eg .
Lead -LRB- IV -RRB- acetate or lead tetraacetate is a chemical compound with chemical formula Pb -LRB- C2H3O2 -RRB- 4 and is a lead salt of acetic acid . It is commercially available often stabilized with acetic acid .
Kumamoto Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on KyÅ `` shÅ `` Island . The capital is the city of Kumamoto .
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union , the city has become a relatively lively and well-provisioned capital , with a much higher standard of living than most rural areas .
Drafted in the 5th Round -LRB- 127th overall -RRB- by the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2008 NHL Entry Draft he currently plays with the Springfield Falcons of the AHL .
Some individuals also have black borders along the top edges of the fore wing .
The Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme -LRB- UIAA -RRB- has defined a list of 82 `` official '' Alpine 4,000-meter -LRB- 13,123 ft -RRB- peaks .
Grenchen is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
For example , there are names that have the role of properties that uniquely identify an object .
She had the idea that programs could be written in a language that was close to English rather than in machine code or languages -LRB- such as assembly language -RRB- close to machine code , which is how it was normally done at that time . COBOL language was based very much on her philosophy .
Mouse strains can be inbred , mutated or genetically engineered , while rat strains are usually inbred .
He was knighted by George VI in 1941 , and received both the Copley Medal and the Royal Medal of the Royal Society .
Ladaux is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
She starred with John Hannah and William Fichtner in 2002 's MDs , and has made guest appearances in many television shows , including L.A. Law , Judging Amy , The West Wing , 7th Heaven , Friends , Dawson 's Creek , Felicity , Arrested Development , Lovespring International , Two and a Half Men , Weeds , Boston Legal , The L Word , Criminal Minds , Help Me Help You , Gilmore Girls , The New Adventures of Old Christine , Psych , Monk and Party Down , among others .
In rowing , time trial races , where the boats are sent out at 10 to 20 second intervals , are usually called `` head races . ''
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography .
His son , Jamie Redknapp , played under him at Bournemouth and at Southampton .
The name came to be used by other World War II Allies as they subsequently recognized it .
The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England .
Aiden McGeady -LRB- born 4 April 1986 -RRB- is an Irish football player .
Cherokee Village is a city in Fulton and Sharp counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
This season was also the first to have a tiebreaker challenge : in the previous season , the person with the most previous votes was voted out in such a situation , but in Samburu 's first tribal council , Carl Bilancione and Lindsey Richter each received four votes .
The interior floor is relatively featureless save for several tiny craterlets .
It involved the public voting for whom they wanted to win a second million-dollar prize .
Missouri is the only state in the Union to have two Federal Reserve Banks : one in Kansas City -LRB- serving western Missouri , Kansas , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Colorado , northern New Mexico , and Wyoming -RRB- and one in St. Louis -LRB- serving eastern Missouri , southern Illinois , southern Indiana , western Kentucky , western Tennessee , northern Mississippi , and all of Arkansas -RRB- .
In 2004 Livingstone said `` I just long for the day I wake up and find that the Saudi Royal Family are swinging from lamp-posts and they 've got a proper government that represents the people of Saudi Arabia . ''
McLaren said that their telemetry showed Hamilton backed off to let RÃ ikkÃ nen past but Hamilton was given a 25 second penalty , thereby dropping him to third .
The hurricane damaged about 100 miles -LRB- 165 km -RRB- of roads .
At Moscow in 1935 Capablanca finished fourth , 1 point behind the joint winners , while Emanuel Lasker 's third place at the age of 66 was hailed as `` a biological miracle . ''
In mathematics a corollary usually follows on from a theorem .
After the war , Bowerman returned to his position at Medford High School .
Like the theme music , the Jeopardy !
It was believed that Krishna was born not from a sexual connection between Devaki and Vasudeva , but was transferred to Devaki 's womb .
A hovercraft can move cargo , people , and cars .
Valerie Elise Plame Wilson -LRB- born April 19 , 1963 -RRB- , known as Valerie Plame , Valerie E. Wilson , and Valerie Plame Wilson , is a former United States CIA Operations Officer and the author of a memoir detailing her career and the events leading up to her resignation from the CIA .
He plays for GrÃ mio Barueri .
A harmonium and handclaps were added on the 16th of July .
A lot of the park is a protected wilderness area , with no access for vehicles .
La Tour , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune .
When there are beta particles made , it is called beta decay .
Quaker bought Snapple for $ 1.7 billion in 1994 and sold it to Triarc in 1997 for $ 300 million .
Tolson was portrayed by Denzel Washington in the film The Great Debaters .
I have not yet found somebody who has told me they 've seen the Wall of China from Earth orbit .
The Cathars built fortified homesteads . Some of them were Laurac , Fanjeaux , Mas-Saintes-Puelles .
The Wyandotte Constitution is the constitution of the U.S state of Kansas .
jpg thumb -LRB- 800x407 -RRB- px right 1992-1997 Ford Aerostar -RRB- -RRB- Ford Aerostar was the first minivan manufactured by Ford .
The Stampede 's roots are traced to 1886 when the Calgary and District Agricultural Society held its first fair .
The three run away , but the Ra ` zac find them and capture them .
In 1889 , Alexander wrote of Xenia , `` She is fourteen .
He also holds Spanish citizenship , which makes him eligible as a EU player .
Surques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Bechet is a city in Dolj County , Oltenia , Romania , on the river Danube , opposite the Bulgarian city of Oryahovo .
Sarojini is the second daughter of Ishwar Chandra Sahoo and -LRB- late -RRB- Nalini Devi . She is married to Jagadish Mohanty , a veteran writer of Orissa .
His eldest son was Arthur Dee , about whom Dee wrote a letter to his headmaster at Westminster School which echoes the worries of boarding school parents in every century ; Arthur was also an alchemist and hermetic author .
Internet Explorer makes use of the accessibility framework provided in Windows .
In the United Kingdom `` yoghurt '' and `` yogurt '' are both current , `` yogurt '' being more common on product labels , and `` yoghourt '' is an uncommon alternative .
On 8 December 2008 , he earned another such accolade when he was given the Freedom of the City of Durham .
Harry 's developing maturity becomes apparent when he becomes interested in Cho Chang , a pretty Ravenclaw student .
Throughout gestation , which in most species requires two to four weeks , his mate visits him daily for â morning greetingsâ .
In June 1939 , a Bureau against the Hazards of Alcohol and Tobacco was formed and the Reichsstelle fÃ 1\/4 r RauschgiftbekÃ mpfung -LRB- Bureau for the Struggle against Addictive Drugs -RRB- also helped in the anti-tobacco campaign .
Loco is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
Their cities were sacked ; the governors , viceroys and kings of Susa , Barhashe , and neighboring districts became vassals of Akkad , and the Akkadian language made the official language of international discourse .
Wake Forest 's undergraduate component consists of Wake Forest College -LRB- School of Arts and Science -RRB- and the Wayne Calloway School of Business and Accountancy .
For big cats and wild cats , see : Category : Felines .
It was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Clearfield is a city of Iowa in the United States .
All bots should be approved -LRB- with or without a bot flag -RRB- before editing .
Chocolate chips are most common in cookies . Chocolate chips are also used in some cakes and other desserts .
Hungary and Austria maintained separate parliaments , each with its own prime minister .
The MAC layers addressing mechanism is called physical address or MAC address . A MAC address is a unique serial number .
Juliana -LRB- Juliana Luise Emma Marie Wilhelmina van Oranje-Nassau ; 30 April 1909 â `` 20 March 2004 -RRB- was Queen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands from her mother 's abdication in 1948 to her own in 1980 .
Prior to the Meiji Restoration , KÅ chi was known as Tosa Province .
Lena Marina Alexandra DahlstrÃ m -LRB- born February 12 , 1984 -RRB- is a Swedish actress .
Kokomo is a city in and the county seat of Howard County , Indiana , United States , Indiana 's 13th largest city .
The FDA lists `` color additives exempt from certification '' for food .
The 1983 apparition -LRB- 1983 UH -RRB- is credited to Giovanni de Sanctis and Richard M. West of the European Southern Observatory in Chile .
Today it is best known as the anthem `` Jerusalem '' , with music written by Sir Hubert Parry in 1916 .
During this time at Cambridge , Dart was the most effective British supporter of the modern early music revival , in part through his influence on those who ultimately formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London .
Next in size is `` United States of America '' -LRB- '' ` '' -RRB- , which spans 126 columns .
Such long-term , multi-hacking of articles is known as `` wiki-rot '' .
It is thought that the books have sold 2.5 million copies around the world .
PokÃ mon Black and White take place in the Unova region , which is based on New York City and its surrounding area , unlike past games being based on regions of Japan . The plot of the game follows a new PokÃ mon trainer who is on a journey to become a PokÃ mon master .
Sony Pictures Entertainment and Universal Studios exited the fifteen year-old HBO Asia premium movie joint venture on January 16 , 2008 .
In 1880 Antonio Bajamonti -LRB- the last Dalmatian Italian Major of Spalato under Austrian rule -RRB- developed an urbanization project of this city centered on the `` Riva '' , a seaside walkway full of palms based on the Italian Riviera models .
La RÃ ole is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
About 170 sailors died when their ships sank in the Ozama River .
For these accomplishments , historians refer to him as `` the father of Athenian democracy . ''
where a denotes the length -LRB- magnitude -RRB- of a. More generally , if b is another vector
The Armenian Catholic Church -LRB- Hay Katâ oÄ ikÄ `` EkeÄ ecâ i -RRB- is an Eastern Catholic Church sui juris in union with the other Eastern Rite , Oriental Rite and Latin Rite Catholics who accept the Bishop of Rome as spiritual leader of the Church .
The series of fifty-two seven-minute programs focused on aquatic life and was intended to generate public interest in fish biology and in the work of the bureauâ '' a task the several writers before Carson had not managed .
Ã ngu is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
She was the Secretary of Transportation in Ronald Reagan 's administration and the US Secretary of Labor for George H.W. Bush .
One of the most successful and longest-lived projects of Cosworth has been its CART \/ Champ Car engine program .
At the start of the season , six teams needed to pre-qualify : two-car teams of Lola , AGS and EuroBrun along with single-car teams of Osella , Coloni and Life .
The artist and the Gunning Shire Council have been arguing over the sculpture since 1999 .
The below is a list of such holidays .
It is the main format used on Windows systems for raw and typically uncompressed audio .
The sea is bounded by Corsica and Sardinia -LRB- to the west -RRB- , Tuscany , Lazio , Campania , Basilicata and Calabria -LRB- to the east -RRB- and Sicily -LRB- to the south -RRB- .
Poutrincourt then gave his holdings to his son and returned to France .
Badeshi people of Bishigram Valley and Tirat Valley are total around 1,500 in numbers .
Unlike frogs , even the larvae of salamanders possess these teeth .
Parvicursor -LRB- meaning `` small runner '' -RRB- is a genus of tiny maniraptoran dinosaur with long slender legs for fast running .
She says : `` better a knife in my belly than your hands on me '' . This gives Wozzeck an idea for revenge .
The stadium was shared by Manchester United for a period after the Second World War , since Manchester United 's Old Trafford ground had been partially destroyed during the Manchester Blitz .
This is a situation in which the involved parties occasionally meet for casual sex multiple times , always without a long-term commitment .
From 1966 to 1995 , he collaborated with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana .
The guest host or hostess assumes the role of a brand General Manager , serving as Raw 's authority figure for the day .
The writing and recording process was three years long . The band used four recording studios and was finished in April 2009 .
The Sugar Act of 1764 and the Stamp Act of 1765 limited trade in the colonies .
The Cardinal de Richelieu was often known by the title of the King 's `` Chief Minister '' or `` First Minister . ''
By the beginning of 1819 the pressure generated by poor economic conditions , coupled with the lack of suffrage in northern England , had enhanced the appeal of political radicalism .
Despite an overall disorganized structure , with a poorly defined circulation and an upper-level low aloft , the National Hurricane Center initiated advisories on Subtropical Depression Ten at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles -LRB- 60 km -RRB- south of St. Vincent Island , Florida , citing `` the potential for additional development right along the coastline . ''
This version also was included with Windows 98 .
A tablespoonful , which is the amount that can be put into a tablespoon , is a measure of volume .
As of 2008 , the plan is being developed by Cross London Rail Links Ltd. who are the developers of Crossrail . It is therefore sometimes known as Crossrail 2 .
Though the present stadium is still new , there are some plans for newer stadiums for the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
It was originally entitled Ivan Susanin .
Their duties varied from court to court .
He helped the Bearcats win the 1940 Allan Cup , before joining the Rangers in 1945 .
-LRB- Okkonen , p. 36 , p. 120 -RRB- In 1929 , numbers were first added on the backs of uniforms by the New York Yankees and the Cleveland Indians . By 1932 , all major league baseball teams had numbers on their players ' uniforms .
She also wanted a significantly larger prize fund .
This list is the name that were set aside for the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season .
The warriors of ancient India would blow conch shells to announce battle , such as is famously represented in the beginning of the war of Kurukshetra in the Mahabharata , the famous Hindu epic .
Such clauses were held by the United States Supreme Court to be unenforceable in the 1961 case of Torcaso v. Watkins , when the court ruled unanimously that such clauses constituted a religious test incompatible with First and Fourteenth Amendment protections .
After rejecting the idea for a couple of years , Livingstone hosted a Jewish Hanukkah ceremony at City Hall in December 2005 .
The Brookfield Zoo is a large zoo near Chicago , Illinois .
The lion also wears the Lancashire Rose .
Vilvoorde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
E.g. , the particular redness of a particular apple is an abstract particular .
It is a crystalline solid , white , pale pink or light gray in color , normally obtained from sea water or rock deposits .
Its county seat is Watonga .
The MP5 is currently one of the most widely used submachine guns in the world , having been adopted by numerous military , law enforcement , intelligence and security organizations . In the 1990s , Heckler & Koch developed the Heckler & Koch UMP , the MP5 's successor , though both remain in production .
Milorad R. `` Rod '' Blagojevich -LRB- ; born December 10 , 1956 -RRB- is an American politician who served as the 40th Governor of Illinois from 2003 to 2009 .
She also appeared in Guest 's A Mighty Wind -LRB- 2003 -RRB- as porn actress-turned-folk singer Laurie Bohner and in For Your Consideration -LRB- 2006 -RRB- as an entertainment reporter .
However the main eyes at the front of spiders ' heads are pigment-cup ocelli that are capable of forming images .
Zircon incorporates uranium and thorium atoms into its crystalline structure , but strongly rejects lead .
It was Melbourne 's first harbor and port for the Port Phillip district until the late 19th century .
He repassed Berger but Prost was right behind them by now .
They were similar to the earlier Class 202 units , differing only in the substitution of a trailer buffet car for one of the three trailer second opens .
She sings a naught song -LRB- `` Quando me ` n vo â '' When I go along '' -RRB- , hoping that Marcello will be interested in her again .
After being released from his time with Ta-Kumsaw , an Indian leader who taught Alvin the ways of Indian people , the young boy sets out to start his apprenticeship as a Smith in the town where he was born .
Traditional bass designs such as the Fender Precision Bass and Fender Jazz Bass remained popular in the first decade of the 21st century ; in 2006 , a 60th Anniversary P-bass was introduced by Fender , along with the introduction of the Fender Jaguar Bass .
Painful cuts to public expenditure were enacted and implemented against considerable political resistance .
Connecticut is a state in New England .
The template takes two parameters .
The boys invade a bakery which they believe is closed . Attempting to steal pretzels , they fall into a vat of dough .
Potassium reacts very violently with water producing potassium hydroxide -LRB- KOH -RRB- and hydrogen gas .
Dark Horse 's movie company , Dark Horse Entertainment , creates movies based on Dark Horse Comics .
In cryptography , a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers , named after the German-born physicist and cryptographer Horst Feistel who did pioneering research while working for IBM -LRB- USA -RRB- ; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network .
OoO processors fill these `` slots '' in time with other instructions that are ready , then re-order the results at the end to make it appear that the instructions were processed as normal .
In total 4858 medals were awarded from the grateful Hamburg in distress to its friends , as the inscription states `` Das Dankbare Hamburg Seinen Freunden In Der Noth '' .
A narrow slip was usually worn under the petticoats , especially the crinoline type , because they tended to be `` scratchy '' .
Northboro is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Zottegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Counting the cost is the name of a pair of parables Jesus told .
After a brief stand-off , the WWF group turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
The road would link together existing public roads . These road were used by the local car manufacturers to test their new car designs .
From 1682 , when King Louis XIV moved from Paris , until the royal family was forced to return to the capital in 1789 , the Court of Versailles was the center of power in Ancien RÃ gime France .
Its presence in insect venoms and plant spines serves to cause pain , which is a side effect of serotonin injection .
It continued to move along the Mexican coast bringing heavy rains .
It moved to Toronto in 1958 after the NHL withdrew its support for the Kingston location .
SartÃ ne -LRB- Corsican : SartÃ -RRB- , is a town -LRB- a `` commune '' in french -RRB- of Southern Corsica , in the Corse-du-Sud dÃ partement , in France .
There is also a significant community of British and Americans .
Huayangosaurus was one of the smallest known stegosaurians , at just 4.5 meters in length .
Dodd was selected to be on Grantland Rice 's All-American team in 1930 . He was the second player from Tennessee to make an All American team .
The four biggest countries that are mainly archipelagos are Japan , the Philippines , the United Kingdom and Indonesia -LRB- the world 's biggest archipelagic country according to the CIA World Factbook -RRB- .
Higashi-Nagasaki Station is the railway station of the Seibu-Ikebukuro line in Toshima Ward , Tokyo , Japan .
The cityâ s name comes from the Latin `` via regis '' , the name of the Medieval road used for going to Lucca .
Collinsville is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma , and a part of the Tulsa , Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area .
While Councillors are forbidden by law to hold any other post during their term of office , it is not unusual for them to accept lucrative business engagements after leaving office , e.g. , directorships on the boards of major Swiss corporations .
The Institute of Engineering and Technology Lucknow -LRB- IET -RRB- is a college in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh , India .
It belongs to the commune of Eiterfeld .
There are many types of lymphoma , including Hodgkin 's lymphoma , the primary central nervous system lymphoma , the B-cell lymphoma , and the hepatosplenic lymphoma .
There is an abstract thinking , just as there is abstract feeling , sensation and intuition .
She was sister of Philippe Ã galitÃ , the mother of the executed duc d'Enghien and aunt of Louis-Philippe King of the French .
Calves are exported to the United States of America .
The Trialeti culture was seen around the 2nd millennium B.C. .
The oldest brewery in the world is believed to be the German state-owned Weihenstephan brewery in the city of Freising , Bavaria .
The name of the game comes from the names of the two main characters , a bear called Banjo and an orange bird called Kazooie , who lives in Banjo 's backpack .
WCOI situations are usually revealed when the editor themselves discloses a relationship to the subject that they are editing .
Salmon is the common name for several species of fish in the family Salmonidae . Several other fish in the same family are called trout ; the difference is often said to be that salmon migrate and trout are resident , but this distinction does not strictly hold true .
The idea was that glass objects , being non-conductors , are seldom struck by lightning .
But they also have scattered population in the Frontier Region of Dera Ismail Khan District , Punjab and Afghanistan .
Dedicated to the channel island of Guernsey where he spent 15 years of exile , Hugo 's depiction of Man 's battle with the sea and the horrible creatures lurking beneath its depths spawned an unusual fad in Paris : Squids .
The city is the county seat of Macon County , and is known as the home of Tuskegee University `` The Pride of the Swift Growing South '' .
After the defeat at Ponte Novu Bridge , the army of Pasquale Paoli , helped by Horatio Nelson , reconquered Saint-Florent in 1793 during the brief Anglo-Corsican rule .
Vandalism is normally noticed and removed within a few minutes , if not seconds -LRB- via the recent changes function -RRB- ; but sometimes it can remain unnoticed for days , and even if not , someone will have to see it before it can be removed , and this could be anyone .
Taro Sugahara -LRB- born 14 June 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
To try and find a compromise , Collins proposed that the Free State would have a republican constitution , with no mention of the British king .
In his fictional universe , the tengwar were invented by the Elf FÃ `` anor , and used first to write the Elven tongues : Quenya , Telerin , and also Valarin . Later a great number of languages of Middle-earth were written using the tengwar , including Sindarin .
The office , in one form or another , is older than both the United States Constitution and the United States Declaration of Independence .
Now 13 ... cxd5 ? ?
The `` SchlÃ ssli '' -LRB- small Castle -RRB- , Rore Tower and the upper gate tower have remained nearly unchanged since the 13th century .
Professor Reginald Crundall Punnett FRS -LRB- Tonbridge , Kent , 20 June 1875 â `` Bilbrook , Somerset , 3 January 1967 -RRB- was a British geneticist who co-founded , with William Bateson , the Journal of Genetics in 1910 .
He is regarded as one of the NHL 's premier penalty-killers , both for his strong defensive skills , along with his scoring touch that makes him a threat for shorthanded goals .
As noted by the Nobel Prize committee , `` the great complexity of eukaryotic organisms is actually enabled by the fine interplay between tissue-specific substances , enhancers in the DNA and Mediator .
Chris Sutton is a former football player .
Winifred 's influence with Hitler was so strong that Hitler even wrote a letter -LRB- at her behest -RRB- to the anti-fascist Italian conductor Arturo Toscanini , begging him to lead the festival .
Vernate is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Its capital is the city of Pisa .
Unlike the clouds on Earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
Their first album named `` The First Blooming '' .
Chimbote is the largest city in the Ancash Region of Peru .
Over time the name Louisa became Levisa and shifted to the nearby stream today called Levisa Fork River .
A Lance-Sergeant -LRB- LSgt -RRB- was formerly a Corporal acting in the capacity of a Sergeant .
Piedmont is a city in Calhoun and Cherokee counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
For some time , scientists have debated whether Neanderthals should be classified as Homo neanderthalensis or `` Homo sapiens neanderthalensis '' , the latter placing Neanderthals as a subspecies of Homo sapiens . Some morphological studies support that Homo neanderthalensis is a separate species and not a subspecies .
Roquefort is a commune of 1,894 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Aquitaine in the Landes department in the southwest of France .
She has composed for many Koei games released during the late 1980s to early 1990s and for Napple Tale , a Dreamcast game .
Is this the line they have created by aggression since the beginning of September ?
Adolf Hitler lived in Leonding between 1898 and 1905 , and attended the school there .
The new cathedral was complete by about 1400 , apart from the addition of the chapter house and chantry chapels .
Guinea joined this organization in 2005 .
Pella is one of 51 prefectures of Greece . The capital of Pella is the Edessa .
On January 2007 , C2 was introduced to Vietnam with two variants only available in Vietnamese markets .
Anne of Denmark -LRB- 12 December 1574 â `` 2 March 1619 -RRB- was queen consort of Scotland , England , and Ireland . She was the wife of King James VI and I.
On 28 July they added more vocals , guitar , percussion and piano .
Note the missing '' '' in .
Many are injured and some are left dead .
One of them is Barbara Cranach , who died in 1569 , married to Christian BrÃ 1\/4 ck -LRB- Pontanus -RRB- , ancestors of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Today , the company does very well even though they do not have their own universe of superpowered characters .
The Cadillac Escalade is a large , luxury SUV .
There are two basic types of oil tankers : the crude tanker and the product tanker .
Unlike other consoles at the time , the GameCube uses small discs instead of full-size DVDs .
Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt -LRB- ; born 23 December 1918 -RRB- is a German Social Democratic politician who served as Chancellor of West Germany from 1974 to 1982 .
After the breakdown of his attempt to negotiate a title match in 1911 , Capablanca drafted rules for the conduct of future challenges , which were agreed by the other top players at the 1914 Saint Petersburg tournament , including Lasker , and approved at the Mannheim Congress later that year .
It reasoned that Daubert was expressly limited only to scientific expert testimony and did not apply to `` skill - or experience-based observation . ''
It appears on most of its seals , including the Seal of the President of the United States .
British Chinese -LRB- \/ è å 1\/2 å ä 3\/4 -RRB- , including British-born Chinese -LRB- often informally referred to as BBC -RRB- , are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in , or have migrated to , the United Kingdom . They are part of the Chinese diaspora , or overseas Chinese .
Interbrand competition was kept to a minimum , with superstars from all brands competing together only at pay-per-view events .
Newfoundland and Labrador 's capital and largest city , St. John 's , is Canada 's twentieth-largest Census Metropolitan Area , and is home to nearly 40 percent of the province 's population . St. John 's is the seat of government , home to the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador and the highest court in the jurisdiction , the Newfoundland and Labrador Court of Appeal .
He was the son of Nicolas Desmarest .
Lavrentiy Beria , the head of the secret police organization NKVD -LRB- the predecessor of the KGB -RRB- , used the Buran device to spy on the U.S. , British , and French embassies in Moscow .
His musical collaborations during this time included violinists Carl Flesch , Szymon Goldberg , Joseph Wolfsthal and Paul Hindemith , who played the viola in a string trio with Feuermann and Wolfsthal . Other collaborators included Jascha Heifetz , William Primrose , and Arthur Rubinstein .
On a cloudy day , the flower may last until night .
This lexicon represents a convenient work of reference for persons who played a part in political , ecclesiastical , and literary history in the East down to the tenth century .
Mettingen is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Of the 128 players named Rookie of the Year , 14 have been selected for the National Baseball Hall of Fameâ '' Jackie Robinson , five American League players , and eight others from the National League .
A variant of the SchrÃ dinger 's Cat experiment , known as the quantum suicide machine , has been proposed by cosmologist Max Tegmark . It examines the SchrÃ dinger 's Cat experiment from the point of view of the cat , and argues that by using this approach , one may be able to distinguish between the Copenhagen interpretation and many-worlds .
The zoo keeper had told him to take off his white shoes , which could have excited the Komodo dragon . Bronstein was bitten on his bare foot .
Banana pancakes are a popular item in Western-oriented backpackers ' cafes in many Asian countries such as Thailand , Vietnam , India , and China .
The age of the rocks and isotope analysis show that this impact structure dates from the end of the Cretaceous Period , roughly 65 million years ago .
It was an early episode , showing early designs for a few recurring characters .
On April 1 , 2005 , it merged with the city of Iwatsuki to its east , which became a new ward , Iwatsuki-ku .
A business alliance is an agreement between businesses , most of the time to help lower cost and improve service for the customer .
Honegger also had a son , Jean-Claude -LRB- 1926 â `` 2003 -RRB- , with the singer Claire Croiza .
Goo Ha-ra was born on January 18 , 1991 , in Gwangju , South Korea .
After college , Reed was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round -LRB- 24th overall pick -RRB- of the 2002 NFL Draft .
The inaugural winner of the trophy was VÃ zina 's successor in goal for the Canadiens , George Hainsworth .
The dot product between a tensor of order n and a tensor of order m is a tensor of order n + m-2 .
With 37 metres of height it is the tallest lighthouse on Australia 's mainland .
The motorcycle was raced in the 1978 Bol d'Or .
In 1976 , the Curtain gave up fewer than 10 points a game .
Guerrero is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua , in northern Mexico .
Irondale is a city adjacent to Birmingham , Alabama , United States northeast from Homewood and Mountain Brook .
It is revealed in the second episode that he is the current incarnation of the Avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human form .
Years after his marriage to Gemma , he claims to have met Beatrice again ; although he wrote several sonnets to Beatrice , he never mentioned his wife Gemma in any of his poems .
Conflict between Luther and leading theologians lead to his gradual rejection of authority of the Church hierarchy .
Yusuke Tasaka is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kawasaki Frontale .
If the two agree , he knows that the author of the message was in possession of Alice 's private key , and that the message has not been tampered with since .
The reissues , in order of release , are Kingdom Hearts Final Mix , Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + , Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories , Kingdom Hearts Re : coded , and Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix .
The series premiered on October 6 , 1996 , and the final episode aired on January 9 , 2009 .
This region is also mostly known for its wind , which blows almost all year .
In 1925 , he received an M.S. from the University of Colorado , and in 1928 , a Ph. D. from Yale University .
Archipelagos are usually found in the open sea ; less commonly , a big land mass may neighbor them , an example being Scotland which has more than 700 islands surrounding the mainland .
Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American rock band . The band started in 1983 in Los Angeles , California .
Riedern is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Once the eggs are laid , and construction of the mound is completed , she abandons her nest .
He returned to Prescott , Iowa , to visit his childhood sweetheart , Blanche , and the two were married on February 6 , 1884 .
According to the FDA , IC50 represents the concentration of a drug that is required for 50 % inhibition in vitro .
Sindhi is the common language of the people in this region .
Pompeianus retired from public life .
Previously engaged to actress Shar Jackson , Federline is best known for his two-year marriage to pop singer Britney Spears .
It joins PlaÃ a Espanya , in the Sants-Montju Ã c district of Barcelona with metropolitan area municipalities of L'Hospitalet de Llobregat , CornellÃ de Llobregat and Sant Boi .
Peuplingues is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Each numbering starts with 1 , as 0 is used for the upper level .
Though born in Canada , she holds dual citizenship and has competed for the United States since she began skating with Benjamin Agosto in 1998 .
The main people of the company were Jimmy Wales , the Bomis CEO , and Larry Sanger , the editor-in-chief for Nupedia .
Bussiares is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
An Italian couple , in particular , named Simonio and Lyndiana Bernacotti , were believed to be the ones to create the first blueprints for the modern carpentry pencil for the purpose of marking their carpentry pieces ; however , their version was instead a flat , oval , more compact type of pencil .
On 31 December 2010 , the EBU confirmed the forty-three countries which will be competing fir the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest .
Shiva Lingams in India have tended to become more and more stylized over the centuries , and existing lingams from before the 6th century show a more leaning towards the naturalistic style , with the `` glans '' clearly indicated .
Windows Me is based on Windows 98 . Windows Me was based on MS-DOS -LRB- as were Windows 98 and Windows 95 -RRB- , and is meant for people using computers in their homes .
The region has a combined area of 550,000 kmÂ and an approximate population of 55 million people .
The main bar at King 's is far older , and is the site of more informal meetings between students .
It is the third largest land mammal , judging by its weight , which is between between 1 Â 1\/2 and 3 tonnes . The white rhinoceros weighs 1 Â 1\/2 to 3 Â 1\/2 tonnes , and the three species of elephant weigh 3 to 9 tonnes .
Frost 's father was a teacher and later an editor of the San Francisco Evening Bulletin -LRB- which later merged with the San Francisco Examiner -RRB- , and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector .
A tropical storm moved south of Jamaica on August 2 and August 3 .
Like normal rail tracks , tram tracks consist of two parallel steel rails .
A `` Modified Version '' of the Document means any work containing the Document or a portion of it , either copied verbatim , or with modifications and\/or translated into another language .
It has been found that the star CV Aquarii found in 1934 , was actually an incorrect misidentification of 52 Europa .
An Electric fish is a fish that can make electric fields .
His Master Course is Sivaya Subramuniyaswami 's comprehensive treatise on every aspect of Saivism in three books and more than 3,000 pages , composed in what he called `` talkanese '' - a flowing version of written English that resembles the spoken language and evokes ancient Hindu oral traditions .
Alexain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Mega Man 3 , known in Japan as Rockman 3 Dr. Wily no Saigo ! ?
The East End of London , also known simply as the East End , is the area of London , England , east of the medieval walled City of London and north of the River Thames , although it is not defined by universally accepted formal boundaries .
It mainly focuses on Innovades , and few characters from 00F has appeared .
Many countries ' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number , sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or occasionally the emergency services number , that allows a caller to contact local emergency services for assistance .
A-flat minor is rarely used as the main key of a piece of music .
Astrid Lindgren died in 2002 , at the age of 94 .
Hindko however , is the predominant language and is spoken mostly in the west , southwest and central regions .
University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- is a public research university located in London , United Kingdom and the largest constituent college of the federal University of London . Founded in 1826 , UCL was the first university institution to be founded in London and the first in England to be established on an entirely secular basis , to admit students regardless of their religion and to admit women on equal terms with men .
The first 1982 release had four controller ports , where nearly all other systems of the day had only two .
The Forum hosted the 2008 NCAA Women 's Division I Final Four Basketball Tournament on April 6 â `` 8 .
The United States Department of Health and Human Services -LRB- HHS -RRB- is a Cabinet department of the United States government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services .
New Port Richey is a city in Pasco County , Florida , United States .
Oliver became the first female to produce a major act when she produced the 1978 album The One and Only by Gladys Knight and the Pips . She acted as producer with John Lennon 's band Elephant 's Memory in 1980 .
The `` Alabama Song '' comes from the 1930 operetta Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny . The music is by Kurt Weill ; officially the lyrics are by Bertolt Brecht , but were probably actually written by Elisabeth Hauptmann .
Among them were Benjamin Britten -LRB- Serenade for Tenor , Horn and Strings , Canticle III -RRB- , Malcolm Arnold -LRB- Horn Concerto No. 2 -RRB- , Paul Hindemith -LRB- Concerto for Horn and Orchestra -RRB- , York Bowen -LRB- Concerto for Horn , Strings and Timpani -RRB- , Peter Racine Fricker -LRB- Horn Sonata -RRB- , Gordon Jacob -LRB- Concerto for Horn and String Orchestra -RRB- , MÃ tyÃ s Seiber -LRB- Notturno for Horn and Strings -RRB- , Humphrey Searle -LRB- Aubade for Horn and Strings -RRB- , Ernest Tomlinson -LRB- Rhapsody and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra , Romance and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra -RRB- , Lennox Berkeley -LRB- Trio for Horn , Violin and Piano -RRB- and Elisabeth Lutyens .
A cruise ship or cruise liner is a passenger ship used for pleasure voyages , where the voyage itself and the ship 's amenities are part of the experience , as well as the different destinations along the way .
1962 saw the introduction of the Buick Special , which offered a 90 Â V6 with uneven firing intervals that shared some parts commonality with a small Buick V8 of the period .
Later that year he starred with Wesley Snipes in the futuristic action film Demolition Man which grossed in excess of $ 158 million worldwide .
`` That 's why he left without telling her , but Clarence told me she was ready , even then .
For some time Callow lived with director Daniel Kramer .
See : Joseph Needham , spouse parameter :
But Estoril was considered an unsafe and outdated track . The last Portuguese Grand Prix was in Estoril on 22 September 1996 .
Glenfield and Kennedy still survives albeit with a fraction of its former workforce , which at its height numbered in the thousands .
In June 2007 Melling was called up to the Great Britain squad and wore the number 1 shirt in the Test match against France .
She and Louis communicated by radio .
If there is only one leaf , then the plant is considered single-leafed , vice versa .
During the 1860s , Longfellow supported abolitionism and especially hoped for reconciliation between the northern and southern states after the American Civil War .
The river originates in the Band-e Bayan Range , and flows for 560 km to the Helmand swamps on the Afghanistan-Iran border .
They are currently members of the South Division of the American Football Conference -LRB- AFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Villers-Cotter Ã ts is a commune .
It created a new set of 46 counties , six of which were metropolitan and 40 of which were non-metropolitan .
; nolink Text must not be linked .
Today 's events ... represent the conclusion of a status process that has exhausted all avenues in pursuit of a negotiated outcome . ''
; ` sciences ' -RRB- and fÃ 1\/4 nÃ '' n -LRB- ï '' `` ï '' ï '' Ù ; ` arts ' -RRB- '' .
In philosophy , empiricism is a theory which believes that all knowledge comes from experience .
Wardner is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Generally , these are referred to as city walls or town walls , although there were also walls , such as the Great Wall of China , Hadrian 's Wall , and the metaphorical Atlantic Wall , which extended far beyond the borders of a city and were used to enclose regions or mark territorial boundaries .
On 19 June 1940 , Major J.A.A. Wallace was preparing for the evacuation of Alderney , and went there to inspect the kittiwake colony .
SectionName is the joint discussion section .
Thomas Heyward , Jr. -LRB- July 28 , 1746 -- March 6 , 1809 -RRB- , was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and of the Articles of Confederation as a representative of South Carolina .
Merck-Saint-Li Ã vin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The film was dedicated in memory of Nick Enright , Michael Jonson , Robby McNeilly Green , and Steve Irwin .
Because of its large size , Grace generated large swells along the East Coast of the United States ; combined with abnormally high tides , these waves reached at least 15 f. Despite minor beach erosion , no substantial property damage occurred , although Carolina Beach , North Carolina , lost about 1 f of sand .
Convicts built a 30 metre stone jetty in 1838 . This is where Gem Pier now stands .
Henry Addington , 1st Viscount Sidmouth , PC -LRB- 30 May 1757 -- 15 February 1844 -RRB- was a British statesman , and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1804 .
The film was released in the United States and Canada on December 25 , 2008 , and set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office ever with $ 14.75 million in ticket sales .
Heading some 80 k west up this valley one reached the Mintaka Pass , -LRB- and 30 k further , the alternative Kilik Pass -RRB- , which both led into upper Hunza from where one could travel over the infamous rafiqs or `` hanging passages '' to Gilgit and on , either to Kashmir , or to the Gandharan plains .
As a New Dealer , he supported President Franklin D. Roosevelt , a Democrat , and in turn Roosevelt heavily funded the city and cut off patronage from LaGuardia 's foes .
The order was : Boutsen , Patrese , Nannini , Senna , Mansell and Berger .
It has been home to the Yellow Jackets football team since 1905 .
Following his time as Newcastle United manager in 2005 , Robson was made an Honorary Freeman of Newcastle , which , in his autobiography , he described as being `` the proudest moment of my life '' .
Murs is a commune of 415 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Eggnog is a popular drink in the United States and Canada , and is usually drank with winter parties such as Christmas and New Year .
Between 1994 and 2003 , there have been 784 cases where the skins of tiger , leopard or otter have been seized .
Taylor was often the first person to record so she had to `` imagine how the previous line will be said .
There was some size variation between the different species of Paranthropus , but most stood roughly 1.3-1 .4 m -LRB- 4.26 to 4.59 feet -RRB- tall and were quite well muscled .
It was created by the brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein in Buffalo , New York in 1979 . The name comes from combining the first names of their parents Max and Miriam .
Walchwil is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland .
The Limbourg brothers , or in Dutch Gebroeders van Limburg -LRB- Herman , Paul , and Johan ; fl .
Replacement joysticks were also released by other manufacturers .
It had reached Category 5 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale , the strongest possible category .
The phrase was first used by Darwin in the 5th edition of The Origin published in 1869 , in which Chapter 4 describes `` Natural Selection , or the Survival of the Fittest '' .
The shell is coiled , calcareous , mother-of-pearl-lined and pressure resistant . It will implode at a depth of about 800 m. The nautilus shell is made of 2 layers : the outer layer is a matte white , while the inner layer is a striking white with iridescence .
This discovery was an important part of the Boveri-Sutton chromosome theory .
Ronald David `` Ronnie '' Wood -LRB- born 1 June 1947 -RRB- is an English rock guitarist and bassist best known as a former member of The Jeff Beck Group , Faces , and current member of The Rolling Stones .
Vihuela is a name given to two different guitar-like string instruments : one from 16th century Spain , usually with 12 paired strings , and the other , the Mexican vihuela , from 20th century Mexico with five strings and typically played in Mariachi bands .
After Chiba was chosen as the site for a major Kawasaki Steel factory in 1950 , the prefectural government started a very large land reclamation program . They filled in the water areas to make large , new waterfront properties for factories , warehouses , and docks .
Geetbets is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
The magnitude of the gradient will determine how fast the temperature rises in that direction .
Castlevania II : Simon 's Quest , known in Japan as Dracula II : Noroi no FÅ `` in , is an action-adventure video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console .
Unable to crack the NHL regularly he was traded by the Coyotes to the Tampa Bay Lightning for Jarrod Skalde on July 25 , 2005 .
Microbial mats and less complex types of biofilm are found at temperature ranges from â `` 40 Â C to +120 Â C , because variations in pressure affect the temperatures at which water remains liquid .
He was the Dauphin of France all his life .
It is an array of hashes , with each hash containing an id that must be a string and a name that must be a string .
The Jutes were a Germanic people who are believed to have come from Jutland -LRB- called Iutum in Latin -RRB- in modern Denmark inclusive Southern Schleswig in Northern Germany and part of the Frisian coast .
The second round witnessed all the seeds go though except MichaÃ `` l Llodra who lost to qualifier Milos Raonic , Feliciano LÃ pez who went out to Wildcard Bernard Tomic , Juan MÃ naco lost to Robin Haase , Fish lose to Robredo and Montanes lost to Malisse .
The romantic story of the first Faust is forgotten , and Faust wakes in a field of fairies . He has many adventures .
Diana 's full title , while married , was Her Royal Highness The Princess Charles Philip Arthur George , Princess of Wales & Countess of Chester , Duchess of Cornwall , Duchess of Rothesay , Countess of Carrick , Baroness of Renfrew , Lady of the Isles , Princess of Scotland .
At landfall , a trough was accelerating Nora northwards , causing it to reach a forward speed of 30 mph -LRB- 50 km\/h -RRB- .
In 1907 , however , the party decided that future Labor Cabinets would be elected by the members of the Parliamentary Labor Party , the Caucus , and the Prime Minister would retain the right to allocate portfolios .
Comparative religion in Muslim theology is about the differences and similarities between Muslim theology and other theologies such as Christian , Jewish theologies as explained in the Qur ` an and the Prophetic traditions .
The word pile means the raised fibers that are there on purpose . They were put there , instead of vy producing the cloth .
The climate is monsoonal , characterised by two main seasons : the dry season and the rain season .
Pluto and its largest moon , Charon , are sometimes called a `` binary system '' . This is because the barycentre of their orbits does not lie within them .
The following is a list of Pacific hurricane seasons .
Nations who sign the treaty , but are not nuclear weapons states , promise to not use their nuclear power plants to make nuclear weapons .
It features two new songs from Phil Collins and takes place during the song `` Son of Man '' from the first movie .
Much of Araya 's lyrical content is about serial killers , a subject he finds interesting , first making his lyrical contribution to 1985 's Hell Awaits with the track `` At Dawn They Sleep '' .
This was made up of Lotus Cars Limited and Lotus Components Limited which focused on road cars and customer competition car production respectively .
The International Cricket Council 's executive committee votes for the hosts of the tournament after examining the bids made by the nations keen to hold a Cricket World Cup .
On 18 July 2008 , it was reported that MakÃ lÃ lÃ was about to take a medical the following day in Paris ahead of a proposed move back to French football .
It was a small and disorganized depression , and it never became a tropical storm , which is stronger than a tropical depression .
February 29 , or bissextile day , is the 60th day of a leap year in the Gregorian Calendar , with 306 days remaining .
2 in Japan -RRB- is a platform video game developed by Sony and published by Sony in Japan and Europe , while Ubisoft published it in North America for the PlayStation 2 video game console .
The following is a list of amendments which have been approved .
Peat is harvested as an important source of fuel in certain parts of the world .
Located in downtown Minneapolis , Minnesota , it is the franchise 's sixth ballpark and third in Minnesota .
After the Ã sirâ `` Vanir War , the Vanir became a subgroup of the Ã sir . Subsequently , members of the Vanir are sometimes also referred to as members of the Ã sir .
\* # Tibetan + anything else -LRB- ? !
On July 11 , 2008 , Apple released the iPhone 3G in twenty-two countries , including the original six .
Its chemical formula is Ni -LRB- NO3 -RRB- 2 .
Nassau County is part of the Greater Jacksonville Metropolitan area .
Because of the use of COM , it is possible to embed web-browsing functionality in third-party applications .
This village has a school and a store .
Sailly-en-Ostrevent is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
La Pellerine is a commune of 291 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
He was the second African American to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
Many of his short stories have appeared in The Best American Short Stories anthologies .
The actual site of Seimu 's grave is not known .
Charter 08 is a manifesto -LRB- a public declaration of your beliefs -RRB- initially signed by over 350 Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists to promote political reform and democratization in the People 's Republic of China .
He then played against type as a frustrated Marine in Jarhead -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
The Angel of Death , who is identified by some with Satan , immediately after his creation had a dispute with God as to the light of the Messiah -LRB- Pesiá .
The goal is to become a `` zoo tycoon '' .
The award was first given in 1919 . Money to support the award comes from the Society of Arts and Sciences .
The East German government referred to East Berlin simply as `` Berlin '' or often `` Berlin , Hauptstadt der DDR '' -LRB- Berlin , capital of the GDR -RRB- .
John Couch Adams -LRB- June 5 1819 â `` January 21 , 1892 -RRB- , was an English mathematician and astronomer .
The rate of this spatial expansion is accelerating , based on studies of Type Ia supernovae and other data .
The Cybermen are a fictional race of cyborgs who are amongst the most persistent enemies of the Doctor in the British science fiction television series , Doctor Who .
After holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to John Cena and Batista on the August 4 episode of Raw .
The Congress of Vienna returned Salzburg to the Austrians in 1814 .
Afterward , the School Code of 1911 mandated that the Commonwealth purchase all the normal schools .
This is the first world title Korchnoi has won .
These symmetric dips bear some similarity to the way by which the Rings of Uranus were found in 1977 .
Niederraunau is a quarter of the town Krumbach in GÃ 1\/4 nzburg -LRB- district -RRB- , Swabia , Bavaria , Germany .
The town is placed 341 k west of the state capital , Sydney .
It is a member of the Gallic group of irregular satellites .
It was later renamed BBC tv until the launch of sister channel BBC2 in 1964 , whereupon it was known as BBC1 , with the current spelling adopted in 1997 .
Gun dogs , also gundogs or bird dogs , are types of dogs developed to assist hunters in finding and retrieving game , usually birds .
Stanley Baluik -LRB- born October 5 , 1935 in Port Arthur , Ontario -RRB- is a former Canadian ice hockey center and professional golfer .
The stadium is about 450 y from Ipswich railway station . The station is on the main line from London Liverpool Street to Norwich .
Dying of the Light is a 1977 science fiction book that was written by George R. R. Martin .
The site of the city of MeroÃ `` is marked by more than two hundred pyramids in three groups , of which many are in ruins .
At that time , the area contained the Greta Swamp , which was later drained .
Cascoplecia , commonly known as the unicorn fly , is a monotypic genus of extinct dipteran that lived in the Early Cretaceous . Its fossil was found in the Burmese amber .
Two species are included in the genus Iguana : the Green Iguana , which is widespread throughout its range and a popular pet , and the Lesser Antillean Iguana , which is endemic to the Lesser Antilles and endangered due to habitat destruction .
Ryohei Nishiwaki -LRB- born 1 August 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The term `` relational database '' often refers to this type of software .
The Earth 's core is partially liquid , while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be completely solid , because the cores do not make a magnetic field .
It was excavated in 1862 by RenÃ Galles with a series of vertical pits , digging down 8 m. Le Rouzic also excavated it between 1900 and 1907 discovering the tomb and the stone chests .
Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon , known as Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother , or just The Queen Mother -LRB- born 4 August 1900 ; died 30 March 2002 -RRB- was the wife -LRB- Queen Consort -RRB- of King George VI of the United Kingdom from 1936 until his death in 1952 . After her husband 's death , she was known as Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother so that she would not be confused with her daughter , Queen Elizabeth II .
A dam on Panjnad has been erected ; it provides irrigation channels for Punjab and Sindh provinces south of the Sutlej and east of the Indus rivers .
Then it became a non-metropolitan district of the new Humberside county .
` Consultant ' is also the term used to denote the most senior medical position in the United Kingdom , Australia and Ireland -LRB- e.g. , a consultant surgeon -RRB- .
The Forest Dormouse -LRB- Dryomys nitedula -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family found throughout much of Eurasia .
He went to Paris to study harmony . His teacher was AbbÃ Nicolas Roze , chorus master at the church Saints-Innocents .
Clapton grew up with his grandmother , Rose , and her second husband Jack , believing they were his parents and that his mother was his older sister .
The Library is a world leader in digital preservation techniques -LRB- see padi -RRB- , and maintains an Internet-accessible archive of selected Australian websites called the Pandora Archive .
Shortly after Washington 's rebuke , a Congressional inquiry into his expenditures concluded that Arnold had failed to fully account for his expenditures incurred during the Quebec invasion , and that he owed the Congress some Â # 1,000 , largely because he was unable to document them .
He died in Paris of cholera .
Modern Marathi literature also has some great poets and authors like P. L. Deshpande , Kusumagraj , Prahlad Keshav Atre , and Vyankatesh Madgulkar .
The director and deputy director are responsible for administration , planning , budgeting and day-to-day operations of the foundation , while the NSB meets six times a year to establish its overall policies .
Nynorsk or New Norwegian is one of two official written standards for the Norwegian language , the other being BokmÃ l. The standard language was created by Ivar Aasen during the mid-19th century , to provide a Norwegian alternative to the Danish language which was commonly written in Norway at the time .
In April 1961 , Simpson won his first Classic .
Tecumseh is a city in Pottawatomie County , Oklahoma , United States .
Kannada has gone through changes several times during the years . Kannada has been adaptive to include many other languages .
LuÃ on is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Such a shock wave would have also caused the nebula to rotate and gain angular momentum .
The 84-page match program for Norwich City matches costs Â # 3 .
It includes bug fixes , enhancements to its support for web standards , tabbed browsing with tab preview and management , a multiple-engine search box , a web feeds reader , Internationalized Domain Name support -LRB- IDN -RRB- , Extended Validation Certificate support , and anti-phishing filter .
Finally , the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act was passed by the British Parliament in 1900 .
She has been a member of the Swiss Federal Council since 2003 , and was President of the Confederation in 2007 and now in 2011 .
Mario then sets out to rescue her from Tatanga , traveling through the four geographical areas of Sarasaland and defeating Tatanga 's minions along the way , as well as finding monsters that pretend to be Daisy in order to fool Mario . Mario finally corners Tatanga in the skies of the Chai kingdom , bringing down his alien warship and rescuing Daisy .
Furthermore , Pericles fostered Athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist .
She was Professor of Clarinet at the Guildhall from 1951 until 1969 .
At Ulong , Angie still felt isolation after deemed as a weak link from last challenge but quickly gained the respect of her teammates by singlehandedly winning the Reward Challenge for Ulong .
The lithosphere consists of tectonic plates .
; GR4 The FIPS55 database , which contains standardized codes for populated places in the United States .
No Way Out was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event , produced every February by the professional wrestling promotion , World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
Circular slide rules also eliminate `` off-scale '' calculations , because the scales were designed to `` wrap around '' ; they never have to be re-oriented when results are near 1.0 â '' the rule is always on scale .
The park 's bison population reached a peak in 2005 with 4,900 animals .
The west and south corners are slightly truncated , shortening the north , east and southwest coasts to about 7 k , and adding shorter west and south coasts about 1 to 2 km -LRB- -- 1 mi -RRB- in length .
Pernes , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
A way to explain it would be that if `` regular hip hop '' was on the middle of a number line , gangsta rap , crunk , and snap would be on one side , and alternative hip hop would be on the other . Even though it is a form of hip hop , fans of alternative hip hop tend to also be fans of alternative rock more than `` regular hip hop '' or especially pop .
The producers also planned to wrap up long-standing mysteries , such as the nature of the smoke monster , the reason the Dharma periodic resupply drops continue after the purge , and the `` bird '' from `` Exodus Pt .
In mathematics , a linear equation is a type of equation .
He plays for Tonan Maebashi .
Reginald Punnett was born in 1875 in the town of Tonbridge in Kent , England .
Melody Time was first released in Japan on laserdisc on January 25 , 1987 , and on VHS on June 2 , 1998 , under the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection title .
In August 2008 , Kijiji re-branded their India site to Quikr.com .
Some fields simply do n't make sense in some cases .
It is home to the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers basketball teams , the Los Angeles Kings hockey team , and the Los Angeles Sparks WNBA team .
It has also been adopted by various Caliphs of the succeeding Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties , as well as by some contemporary Arab monarchs .
Bonifay is a city in Holmes County , Florida , United States .
As an example , some rice strains are made by inserting new genetic material into a rice plant , all the descendants of the genetically modified rice plant are a strain with a unique genetic code that is passed on to later generations ; the strain designation , which is normally a number or a formal name , covers all the plants that descend from the originally modified plant .
Changes to the boundary that are to be in place for the next election will bring Whitburn into the constituency from neighbouring Jarrow .
If no Consumer Guide rating exists , do not use this template .
Open proxies may be blocked on sight according to the policy on open proxies .
A colubrid -LRB- from Latin coluber , snake -RRB- is a snake that is a member of the family Colubridae .
It is a common sight in zoos .
The county was made in 1855 from Cumberland County .
The atoll 's guano deposits , mined by U.S. interests operating under the Guano Islands Act , were worked until depletion in about 1890 .
Nash County is part of the regional Upper Coastal Plain Council of Governments .
The first changes to the ground took place in 1931 , when the corner between the Main Stand and the Platt Lane end at the south of the ground was rebuilt to incorporate a roof .
The website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles , entertainment profiles , actor biographies and user forums .
Deming was also instrumental in introducing SPC methods to Japanese industry after the war had ended .
In October and November 2005 , it gained national and international attention as one of the focuses of the French suburb riots .
Massignieu-de-Rives is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Al-Mustansir II of Cairo was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo , Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1261 and 1262 .
Then they come across a forest where live the `` simple thing '' aliens -LRB- called `` Roxleys '' by some fans . -RRB- .
The Asian black bear -LRB- Ursus thibetanus -RRB- , also known as the Moon bear or White-chested bear is a medium-sized species of bear , largely adapted for arboreal life , which occurs through much of southern Asia , Korea , northeastern China , the Russian far east and HonshÅ `` and Shikoku islands of Japan .
Those closer to the surface are not only more likely to be used for water supply and irrigation , but are also more likely to be topped up by the local rainfall .
Beussent is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
They chose seventeen young men .
With Vettel moving to Red Bull Racing SÃ bastien Buemi and SÃ bastien Bourdais led the team 's assault in the 2009 World Championship .
Jacques Anquetil -LRB- 8 January , 1934 -- 18 November , 1987 -RRB- , was a French road racing cyclist . He was the first cyclist to win the Tour de France five times , in 1957 and from 1961 to 1964 .
The name borough comes from of Bury , which has cognates in other Germanic languages such as the Old Norse `` borg '' meaning `` wall , castle '' ; and Gothic `` baurgs '' meaning `` city '' .
In 1998 , she did back-up vocals for the Refugee Camp 's `` It 's Too Late '' , a Carroll King cover .
Many different virarities of popularity exist , and many ways in which to gain it .
The ceremonies were hosted by Ryan Seacrest .
Foods made with this are usually referred to as furai -- Japanese-style fried foods , such as tonkatsu -LRB- fried pork cutlet -RRB- or ebi furai -LRB- fried shrimp -RRB- .
Because they were too young to become Red Cross nurses like their mother and older sisters , they played checkers and billiards with the soldiers and tried to make them happy instead .
Negimaki , also called negima , is a Japanese food consisting of broiled strips of beef soaked in teriyaki sauce and rolled with scallions , also known as negi .
Babe : Pig in the city is a 1998 sequel to the 1995 movie Babe .
CÃ cuta -LRB- pron . IPA koo ` koo-t Ã -RRB- , or San Jose de CÃ cuta , is the capital of the Norte de Santander Department , in Colombia .
Dominic is the patron saint of astronomers .
Lapugnoy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
He had to leave Russia because of Stalin , who was now his own enemy and wanted to harm Trotsky . Stalin had a Soviet spy murder Trotsky in Mexico in 1940 .
Landes-sur-Ajon is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Because so much biodiversity was lost , the recovery of life on earth took much longer than after other extinction events .
These early plays were written for annual Athenian competitions among playwrights held around the 5th century BCE .
Frogs , toads , and newts all hatch from the egg as larvae with external gills .
Palak is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Hazara province of Pakistan .
In the ATP-dependent ubiquitin\/proteasome pathway , particular proteins are targeted for destruction by the ligation of at least four copies of a small peptide called ubiquitin onto a substrate protein .
Here are some important physical constants .
It contains three short stories , titled Percy Jackson and the Stolen Chariot , Percy Jackson and the Bronze Dragon , and Percy Jackson and the Sword of Hades .
Upon enrollment a new cadet in the Air Cadet Program is known as an `` Air Cadet '' -LRB- AC -RRB- .
The senate is permitted no more than 12 members by law .
The compression of gas occurs by the movement of a flexible membrane , instead of an intake element .
Hamo Beknazarian was born on May 19 , 1891 in Yerevan , the capital of Armenia , Russian Empire .
The story is similar to Charles Dickens ' `` A Christmas Carol '' , with the cartoon characters showing Michael the drugs in his past , present and future life , and showing what they have done and what they will do unless he stops taking them .
Its precursor was the Deutsche Musik-Phonothek -LRB- 1961-1969 -RRB- .
The West Wing is noted for developing the `` walk-and-talk '' â '' long Steadicam tracking shots showing characters walking down hallways while involved in long conversations .
In the early 2000s , Giuliano was a consultant for the Italian Senate 's Committee on Human Rights .
East of Hinche , Bassin Zim is a 20 m waterfall in a lush setting , a 30-minute drive from town .
The US military government gives its approval .
She has appeared on iCarly as Sam 's mother .
He received his M.A. -LRB- 1958 -RRB- degree from the University of California , Berkeley , and his Ph. D. -LRB- 1966 -RRB- from University of California , Los Angeles .
He also states that if one does wish to use eggs they are not needed in as great a quantity as normally called for in traditional recipes .
If the stem points up from a notehead , the stem starts at the right-hand side of the note , but if it points down , it starts from the left .
It was written as a book `` for children and those who love children '' -LRB- as quoted from its subtitle -RRB- in 1880 by Swiss author Johanna Spyri . The two sequel books , Heidi Grows Up and Heidi 's Children , were neither written nor endorsed by Spyri , but were written by her English translator , Charles Tritten , many years after she died .
He started a group called Concentus Musicus Wien .
The Benedictine monastery began in 1072 near Schmallenberg on a site at the foot of the Wilzenberg mountain , by Saint Anno , Archbishop of Cologne .
In the middle of the flag is the coat of arms of the state , which was adopted on July 1 , 1909 .
In each of these ordered pairs -LRB- a , b -RRB- , the first element a is from the domain , the second element b is from the codomain , and every element in the domain is the first element in exactly one ordered pair .
Freedom of information is a human right recognized in international law .
Do not edit this template unless you have been authorised to do so .
She performed in her first opera in 1928 , as Eurydice in a school production of Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice in Magdeburg , Germany .
Because the atlas also contained plates supporting the then popular view of the Catholic Church , the book was not placed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum .
Two men are killed , but one escapes and flees the woods .
On April 23 , 2009 , the Florida Department of Education took over financial oversight of the district .
Nakamura Hikaru -RRB- is the leading U.S. chess grandmaster -LRB- GM -RRB- . He was born on 9 December 1987 in Japan -LRB- Hirakata , Osaka Prefecture -RRB- .
Knights and Dames Grand Cross use the post-nominal `` GCMG '' ; Knights Commanders and Dames Commanders use `` KCMG '' and `` DCMG '' respectively ; Companions use `` CMG '' .
I hope you like editing Simple English Wikipedia .
Anglefort is a commune .
Another advantage of stream ciphers in military cryptography is that the cipher stream can be generated in a separate box that is subject to strict security measures and fed to other devices , e.g. a radio set , which will perform the xor operation as part of their function .
Ted Francis was found not guilty of perverting the course of justice .
Antigone decides to bury his body and face the consequences of her actions .
Minear was an assistant director on the movie Platoon . He wrote episodes for several television series including The X-Files and Lois and Clark .
Even though the album did not become listed on the Billboard 200 , it did reach # 21 on the Top Heatseekers chart .
Male hobbits do not have beards . Hobbits live longer compared to humans , and many hobbits reach the age of 100 .
Another of Ma 's cellos , the Davidov Stradivarius , was once owned by Jacqueline du PrÃ who left it to him when she died .
If hypotheses may be drawn from knowledge of other deep-sea cephalopods , the Vampire Squid likely reproduces slowly by way of a small number of large eggs .
They know of a few hundred wikis .
James Alan Hetfield -LRB- born August 3 , 1963 in Downey , California , United States -RRB- is the rhythm guitarist , co-founder , main songwriter , and lead vocalist for the American heavy metal band Metallica .
Prue only had to think about something to move it , Paige must reach out to it and call for it , this is known as ` tele-orbing ' .
Episodes often consist of a short live-action segment either before or after the main story -LRB- and sometimes both before and after -RRB- .
Although it is reported that his uncle Dominic was a one-time IRA chief of staff , J. Bowyer Bell states in his book , The Secret Army : The IRA 1916 -LRB- Irish Academy Press -RRB- , that Dominic Adams was a senior figure in the IRA of the mid-1940s .
On several occasions the former Spiritualist medium Derek Acorah was supposedly possessed by an entity , sometimes evil or sometimes `` lost and confused '' .
This exists in virtually all genres of music and is found commonly in punk rock , indie rock , alternative\/underground hip hop , anti-folk and heavy metal , among others .
They were finally subdued by the Spanish in 1697 .
Scotch-Irish is a traditional term for Ulster Scots who later emigrated to what is now the United States ; `` Scots-Irish '' is a more recent form of the American term , and is not to be confused with Irish-Scots , i.e. , recent Irish immigrants to Scotland .
In around 400 BC sphairai were introduced .
It is a moveable fast , falling on a different date each year because it is dependent on the date of Easter .
This is because most of the conodont animal was soft-bodied , thus everything but the teeth were not suited for preservation under normal circumstances .
In the Adagio of his Symphony No. 9 a solo bassoon interpolation following the main theme appears first in D minor , returning twice more notated in C minor .
Asia was the first expansion area added to Disney 's Animal Kingdom , first opening in 1999 .
The Waldsiedlung -LRB- engl .
Berles-au-Bois is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
She quickly became one of Hollywood 's most recognized child actors , going on to establish herself in mainly comic roles .
Most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other .
Started in March 2001 , this edition has over 1,043,000 articles as of December 2010 and is the third largest Wikipedia after the English language and German language editions . It is the largest Wikipedia in a Romance language .
The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls , invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868 , but the material was volatile and highly flammable , sometimes exploding during manufacture .
As with many episodes involving art in Ã la recherche du temps perdu , this reminiscence includes commentary on the work .
In 1981 the Italian Grand Prix returned to Monza , and Imola hosted the new San Marino Grand Prix , named after the nearby republic of San Marino .
The use of is highly recommended but not required .
Sainte-Foy , VendÃ e is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Bartolomeo Tromboncino -LRB- c. 1470 -- 1535 or later -RRB- was an Italian composer of the middle Renaissance .
107,000 persons lived in BiaÅ ystok , but in 1946 â `` only 56,759 , and to this day there is much less ethnic diversity than in the previous 300 years of the city 's history .
Sepulveda Pass is the main north-south pass to the west , connecting the Westside to Sherman Oaks via the San Diego Freeway -LRB- I-405 -RRB- .
He granted Aarau its city rights in 1283 .
The Benelux is particularly active in the field of intellectual property .
ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots -LRB- 39 mph , 63 km\/h -RRB- or tropical storm strength .
In 1945 , Arturo Toscanini invited Sargent to conduct the NBC Symphony Orchestra .
Pithus 's wife enters her home , and her son Franco asks if she really is his mother .
Pernes-les-Fontaines is a commune of 10,170 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
The band named themselves after a wind-channeling pipe sculpture , `` A Sound Garden '' , located on National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration property next to Magnuson Park , Seattle .
Martinsville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
The German-speaking Community has its own government , which is appointed for five years by its parliament .
The first song heard in the movie , `` Once Upon a Time in New York City '' , was co-written by lyricist Howard Ashman , who , with Alan Menken , would write the songs for the next three Disney films .
Louvers are rarely seen as primary design elements in the language of modern architecture . They are rather simply a technical device .
Try dragging the width of your web browser window so it becomes smaller and smaller and watch how the line wrapping behaves :
The London show was on the March 11 , 2008 at St. James Church in Piccadilly .
The mineral was also employed as a flux to solder precious metals together .
Paul James Hartley -LRB- born 19 October 1976 in Hamilton , Scotland -RRB- is a Scottish professional footballer , who plays for Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen .
Animation directors Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe directed five episodes each , and Anthony Lioi directed two .
The movie The Longest Day also contains scenes of the assault on the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc .
A February 2006 bombing that seriously damaged Iraq 's al-Askari Mosque , exacerbated tensions that had already existed .
Rick James had hits in the 1980s with funk songs such as `` Give It To Me Baby '' and `` Super Freak . ''
`` The Real '' was added to the title after a dispute with Filmation and its Ghost Busters properties .
The conversation is haltingly uncomfortable , and Ferrando departs with Fiordiligi .
La TÃ ne has a sandy beach , unique in Switzerland .
A web proxy is a proxy server that focuses on the traffic over the World Wide Web .
The White House is made up of six storiesâ '' the Ground Floor , State Floor , Second Floor , and Third Floor , as well as a two-story basement .
Athletic shoes , depending on the location and the actual type of footwear , can also go by the name trainers -LRB- British English -RRB- , sandshoes -LRB- Australian English -RRB- running shoes or runners -LRB- Canadian English , Australian English , Hiberno-English -RRB- , sneakers -LRB- American English , Australian English -RRB- , sport shoes , gym shoes , tennis shoes , tennies , sneaks , kicks -LRB- American English -RRB- , takkies -LRB- South African English -RRB- .
The most common variety has seven colors , purple , blue , light blue , green , yellow , orange and red , and is emblazoned in bold with the Italian word PACE , meaning `` peace '' .
It was gradually annexed by France in the 17th century under kings Louis XIII and Louis XIV and made one of the provinces of France .
This light will then be mainly polarized perpendicular to the second filter , and thus be blocked and the pixel will appear black .
By default , the box is automatically checked .
The canton of Ticino is located in the south of Switzerland .
Farly comes and steals Cardigan from the barn , and plans to eat him .
J. D. Considine of Rolling Stone said Superunknown `` demonstrates far greater range than many bands manage in an entire career . ''
: d First served by Metropolitan line -- Hammersmith & City line services separately identified in 1990 .
The most notable feature of Homer is the Homer Spit , a 4.5 m long finger of land sticking out into Kachemak Bay .
Tobias Linderoth -LRB- born 21 April 1979 -RRB- is a Swedish football player .
Common Era is abbreviated as CE , and is also known as Current Era and as Christian Era .
Pregnant women were bathed in an infusion of it ; a lotion of it was used as a skin cleanser ; and it was used medicinally as a blood purifier .
Salem is a city of Iowa in the United States .
On July 15 , Saipan -LRB- in the Northern Mariana Islands -RRB- was captured by Allied forces .
Big Bear Lake is a city in San Bernardino County , California along the south shore of Big Bear Lake , located 25 m northeast of the city of San Bernardino .
Letterman later performed guest vocals on `` Hit Somebody !
The cast of Sozin 's Comet includes all of the key characters from season three .
The river was known as Alutus or Aluta in Roman antiquity .
Aubigny-en-Laonnois is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Lake Turkana area is regarded by many anthropologists as the cradle of humankind due to the abundance of hominid fossils .
She has appeared on half a dozen daytime dramas since the mid-1970s .
There are also images of the Rainbow Serpent said to have created much of the landscape as well as mischievous Mimi spirits and the story of the Namarrgarn Sisters .
In FreeTime , the Maxis logo was replaced by a symbol of the Sims plumbob .
Chester and Hester 's Dino-Rama , on the other hand , is about dinosaurs as fun .
Robinson made his Royals debut at Daytona Beach 's City Island Ballpark on March 17 , 1946 . It was an exhibition game against the Dodgers .
The film , however , did much better overseas , with $ 176 million at the foreign box office -LRB- for a total of $ 264 million -RRB- , and good VHS and later DVD sales , giving the movie over $ 100 million in profit .
The first millennium is a period of time that commenced on January 1 , AD 1 , and ended on December 31 , AD 1000 , of the Julian calendar .
On November 15 , 2004 , Paige announced his resignation after overseeing the President 's education agenda for four years .
The songs on Blue Lines run at ` spliff ' tempos -- from a mellow , moonwalking 90 beats per minute ... down to a positively torpid 67 bpm . ''
This is somewhat more than 10 % of the population of the Island , and a full 23 % of the working population .
Two Horcruxes have been destroyed , and Harry and Dumbledore locate another , although it is a fake .
The team was founded in 1972 in Atlanta , Georgia as the Atlanta Flames until moving to Calgary in 1980 .
The Sacred Fig is a notable example of this , forming additional ` trunks ' by growing adventitious roots down from the branches , which then thicken up when the root reaches the ground to form new trunks ; a single Sacred Fig tree can have hundreds of such trunks .
CBBC Extra is a free interactive television service from CBBC provided by BBC Red Button .
One reviewer said that Songmaster was `` Quite possibly Card 's best published work , ever . '' .
It is done in the style of the band Devo .
During the 18th century , the Maratha Empire grew quickly , conquering Konkan and much of eastern Gujarat from the Mughal Empire .
Gearless traction elevators can reach speeds of up to 2,000 ft\/min -LRB- 10 m\/s -RRB- , or even higher .
Young was promoted to Inspector -LRB- equivalent to Lieutenant in US police forces -RRB- in June 1937 and appointed to Portsmouth 's Southern Division .
Seven Network 's studio headquarters are in a converted warehouse at Jones Bay Wharf in Pyrmont , Sydney .
However , different recipes , even in the Bolognese tradition , make use of chopped pork or pork sausage , white chicken , rabbit , or goose liver may be added along with the beef or veal for special occasions , and today many use both butter and olive oil for cooking the soffritto of small amounts of celery , carrot and onion .
The City of Pasadena has recognized Robinson in several ways .
ThÃ odore GÃ ricault -LRB- 26 September 1791 -- 26 January 1824 -RRB- was a profoundly influential French artist , painter and lithographer , known for The Raft of the Medusa and other paintings .
-LRB- Here XYZ stands for a specific section name mentioned below , such as `` Acknowledgements '' , `` Dedications '' , `` Endorsements '' , or `` History '' . -RRB-
Pascal did manage to produce one more movie , '' Androcles and the Lion '' in 1952 .
However , high-quality ground cardamom is often more readily -LRB- and cheaply -RRB- available and is an acceptable substitute .
Because of this , a heat pump must use extra energy to move the heat .
Vegetables are in most soups . You can also put meat in soups .
The 1983 Atlantic hurricane season was the least active Atlantic hurricane season ever recorded .
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy , Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark , in an effort to stop Drek .
Michel de Nostredame -LRB- December 14 or December 21 , 1503 â `` July 2 , 1566 -RRB- , also known as Nostradamus , was a French apothecary and allegedly a doctor . He is famous as a ` seer ' who wrote collections of prophecies that have since become famous around the world .
Lexington is a city in Cleveland County , Oklahoma , United States .
The United States Census Bureau says the city has a total area of 2.9 square miles -LRB- 7.6 kmÂ -RRB- . All of it is land .
In San Fernando , in September 1885 , he bought the property of Francisco Torrealba , a terrain that lasted at the Pichilemu beach .
In August 2001 , as part of celebrating SmackDown !
The result was often a merger of the two into a `` district '' -LRB- e.g. Rotorua -RRB- or a change of name to `` district ' -LRB- e.g. Waimairi -RRB- or `` city '' -LRB- e.g. Manukau City -RRB- .
In the 2000 census , Peoria had more than 110,000 people living in it . It is the home of the Peoria Rivermen ice hockey team .
He is best known for his starring roles in Shaun of the Dead , Hot Fuzz , the comedy series Spaced and his portrayal of Montgomery `` Scotty '' Scott in the 2009 Star Trek film .
Foucault was born on 15 October 1926 in Poitiers , France as Paul-Michel Foucault to a notable provincial family .
In Iran the Gozinesh Law -LRB- passed in 1985 -RRB- has the effect of prohibiting Mandaeans from fully participating in civil life .
In those years , Toyotomi Hideyoshi gave great hanami parties in Yoshino and Daigo-ji , and the festivity became very popular through all the Japanese society .
The stated year is that of publication ; awards are given in the following year .
Camphor , an insect repellent , can also be used in mothballs .
Bob Dylan also penned , Last Thoughts on Woody Guthrie as a later tribute song to Guthrie .
Yo -LRB- Ð Ñ ` ; italics : Ð Ñ ` -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
Unlike some other ornithischians , the Leaellynasaura did not have any tendons in its tail .
He is buried in East Cemetery in Litchfield , Connecticut .
The Feistel construction is also used in cryptographic algorithms other than block ciphers .
The best known fanzine -LRB- or '' ` zine '' -RRB- today is Ansible , edited by David Langford , winner of numerous Hugo awards .
Dennis Lawrence -LRB- born 1 August 1974 -RRB- is a fomer Trinidad and Tobago football player who is currently part of the coaching staff for Wigan Athletic in the Premier League .
As the work demands limited his time for writing , Hughes quit the position to work as a busboy in a hotel .
Haiti , around Port-au-Prince , was struck by a hurricane on August 18th .
He left Hampton Grammar School with ten GCE Ordinary Levels and three Advanced Levels in Physics , Mathematics and Applied Mathematics .
Ultimately , he cut out the old man 's eyes , tore out his heart , and slashed his throat .
Epidemiologists rely on a number of other scientific disciplines such as biology -LRB- to better understand disease processes -RRB- , biostatistics -LRB- the current raw information available -RRB- and social science disciplines -LRB- to better understand proximate and distal risk factors -RRB- .
In 1918 Sergei joined the Red Army with his father , Mikhail , supporting the opposite side .
They were sent to Ludlow Castle in Shropshire , England . This was to take control of the Council of Wales .
His season also included two pole positions , three fastest laps and two lap records .
Croce accepted a plea bargain and was sentenced to three years of unsupervised probation and forfeiture of $ 98,000 .
A nail is similar to a claw but it is flatter and has a curved edge instead of a point .
He later helps Peter and Trumpkin defend Caspian against Nikabrik , the hag , and the were-wolf .
The 2006 Census showed that Dundalk and Drogheda as not only the largest towns in the Louth , but also the second and third largest towns in Ireland .
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in Detroit , Michigan .
The African Penguin -LRB- Spheniscus demersus -RRB- , also known as the Black-footed Penguin -LRB- and formerly as the Jackass Penguin -RRB- , is found on the south-western coast of Africa , living in colonies on 24 islands between Namibia and Algoa Bay , near Port Elizabeth , South Africa , with the largest colony on Dyer Island , near Kleinbaai .
Voting was open to all , but only those who pre-ordered the game through Gamestop will get the winning outfit , the `` Deadly Assassin '' .
First published in 1941 , the book tells the story of a pair of mallard ducks who decide to raise their family on an island in the lagoon in Boston Public Garden , a park in the center of Boston , Massachusetts .
The International Red Cross was not permitted to investigate conditions in the camps .
The Pakistan Movement or Tehrik-e-Pakistan -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ø Ø Û Ú Ù 3\/4 Ø Ú Ø Ø Ø Ù -RRB- refers to the historical movement to have a sovereign and independent Muslim state named Pakistan created from the separation of the north-western region of the Indian subcontinent , partitioned within or outside the British Indian Empire .
The Great Florida Birding Trail , a 2000-mile -LRB- 3200 km -RRB- long trail , is composed of 489 locations throughout the state which are excellent observation sites .
Now it is led by abbot Venerable abbot Shi YÇ n gxÃ n.
Generally , the Governor-General acts only on the advice of the Prime Minister .
The climate on Cape York Peninsula is tropical and monsoonal . The heavy monsoon season is from November to April , during which time the forest becomes almost inhabitable .
He retained this position until 1999 , when he was succeeded by Johannes Rau .
It is and is part of Chamber Taluka and is located in the south of the district at 25 Â 19 ' 5N 68 Â 43 ' 20E .
After three years with the 5th SFB , Park volunteered for the 707th Special Mission Battalion , South Koreaâ s elite counter-terrorist and quick-reaction unit .
Such movies are called masala films , after the Hindi word for a spice mixture .
Empirical studies of 20th century cartels have determined that the mean duration of discovered cartels is from 5 to 8 years .
Some of these habitats include , fields , meadows , prairies , parks in or near cities , gardens , and roadsides .
He enjoyed performing in blackface makeup â `` a theatrical convention since the mid-19th century .
It is the county seat of Murray County .
On 1 July 2010 he was elected Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony , succeeding Christian Wulff , who resigned following his election as President of Germany .
With age , more and more of it is converted to the yellow type .
Like many characters in the Gothic tradition , his nerves dictate his true nature .
The Essex town of Saffron Walden , named for its new specialty crop , became England 's main saffron growing and trading center .
Stal Mielec is a Polish football club based in Mielec , Poland .
Her third album was released in early 2001 , titled Kite , which sold successfully with 300,000 copies in Taiwan and more than 950,000 in China .
In North America and in Africa the term trapezium is sometimes defined as a quadrilateral with no parallel sides , though this shape is more usually called an irregular quadrilateral . The term trapezoid has been defined as a quadrilateral without any parallel sides in Britain and elsewhere , but this does not reflect current usage .
The 1969 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1969 and ended on November 30 , 1969 .
Electric Gardens Festival , sometimes called Electric Gardens , ` EGFestival ' , ` EGFest ' , or ` EG ' , is a medium sized music festival at Mount Ephraim , Faversham in Kent .
Rainforests exist just miles away from the snow covered peak Cotopaxi .
The Vogelsberg Mountains are a group of low mountains in central Germany , located in the middle of the state of Hessen . They are the product of ancient volcanic activity and are separated from the RhÃ n Mountains by the Fulda River and its valley .
Since 1990 Schubeck operates a catering service and supplied many first-class events like the Federal Chancellorâ s celebration , the Ball des Sports and the German music industryâ s ECHO award ceremony .
A tiny fishing town until 1958 , Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
Based on a paper presented in the Global Microcredit Summit in 2006 by one of the bank 's managers , as of May 2006 , around 73,000 beggars have taken loans of about Tk 58.32 million -LRB- approx .
In Blood Music reality becomes unstable as the number of observers -- trillions of intelligent single-cell organisms -- gets higher and higher .
In 2003 , Metric 's first album , Old World Underground , Where Are You Now ?
Acton Town is a London Underground station in Acton , west London , served by the Piccadilly and District lines .
Creedence Clearwater Revival -LRB- often abbreviated CCR -RRB- was an American rock band that gained popularity in the late 1960s and early 1970s with a number of successful singles drawn from various albums .
The voting is conducted in several rounds , under a form of exhaustive ballot : in the first two rounds , anyone can enter their name ; but in subsequent rounds , the person receiving the least votes is removed from the race until one candidate gains an absolute majority .
In March 2007 , Nash was signed to Fiction Records .
UPS delivers more than 14 million packages a day to more than 200 countries . It is based in Sandy Springs , Georgia , USA .
German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun brought two 1930s vintage Nestler slide rules with him when he moved to the U.S. after World War II to work on the American space program .
Wolfgang Petersen -LRB- born 14 March 1941 -RRB- is a German film director and screenwriter .
There is also a Silver Gloves amateur tournament , which is for young amateur male boxers age 8 to 15 years old .
The World Meteorological Organization and the UNEP established the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- in 1988 .
The two most common types of coherence that are typically studied are Snooping and Directory-based . Each has its own benefits and drawbacks .
This was a very large storm , bringing storm surge flooding from Mobile to what is now Wakulla and Taylor Counties , Florida .
X was developed at MIT in 1984 .
Given these orbital elements and the physical characteristics known so far , Ananke is thought to be the largest remnant of an original break-up forming the Ananke group .
Oomycetes occupy both saprophytic and pathogenic lifestyles and include some of the most notorious pathogens of plants , causing devastating diseases such as potato blight and sudden oak death .
The film ends with Victoria secretly watching the pair dancing , plotting revenge for her love .
Hercules says they need to talk to Prometheus , so he and Deianeira set off .
Chrono Trigger inspired several expansion packs or add-ons ; the first were three titles released for the Satellaview in 1995 . They included Chrono Trigger : Jet Bike Special , a racing game based on a minigame from the original ; Chrono Trigger : Character Library , featuring profiles on characters and monsters from the game ; and Chrono Trigger : Music Library , a collection of music from the game 's soundtrack .
Many naturally occurring substances , such as clay , sand , wood and rocks , even twigs and leaves have been used to construct buildings .
Central America is the central geographic region of the Americas . It is the southernmost , isthmian portion of the North American continent , which connects with South America on the southeast .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Crystal Gayle .
The problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages .
Through the Polish nobles whom Russia controlled and the Russian Minister to Warsaw , ambassador and Prince Nicholas Repnin , Empress Catherine the Great forced a constitution on the Commonwealth at the so-called Repnin Sejm of 1767 , named after ambassador Repnin , who de facto dictated the terms of that Sejm -LRB- and who ordered the capture and exile of some vocal opponents of his policies to Kaluga in Russian Empire . , including bishop JÃ zef Andrzej ZaÅ uski and others -RRB- .
Elberon is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Flavigny-le-Grand-et-Beaurain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Shad Chad Javier Romane Chittick Gaspard -LRB- born January 13 , 1981 in Brooklyn , New York -RRB- is a American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling for WWE and teaming with JTG which formed the tag team , Cryme Tyme .
Gonzalo Vargas -LRB- born 22 September 1981 -RRB- is an Uruguayan football player .
It features two equal horizontal bands of white -LRB- top -RRB- and red with a large disk slightly to the hoist side of center .
The popularity of blogs has also given rise to `` fake blogs '' in which a company will create a fictional blog as a marketing tool to promote a product .
It is used to make manganese carbonate and manganese -LRB- II -RRB- oxide . It is made by reacting manganese with hydrochloric acid or hydrogen chloride .
Windows Me is based on Windows 98 .
The mayor of Hohenstein-Ernstthal is Erich Homilius .
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for locomotives and multiple units operated by British Railways -LRB- BR -RRB- , and this page explains the principal systems .
Apple develops its own operating system to run on Macs , Mac OS X , the latest version being Mac OS X v10 .6 Snow Leopard . Apple also independently develops computer software titles for its Mac OS X operating system .
Until 1980 he was head of the Chamber for public responsibility of this church and since 1982 he has been a member of the synod of the Evangelical Church in Germany .
The remainder of the star 's interior carries energy away from the core through a combination of radiative and convective processes .
Only one son and four daughters outlived their father :
Fonda was born in Los Angeles , California into a family of actors including her grandfather Henry Fonda , her father Peter Fonda , and her aunt Jane Fonda .
In 1913 , Walter joined the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Manitoba Hockey League .
`` The End '' was at first intended to be the final track on Abbey Road , but it is followed by `` Her Majesty '' .
He is best known for his work against genocide , a word he coined in 1943 from the root words genos -LRB- Greek for family , tribe or race -RRB- and - cide -LRB- Latin for killing -RRB- .
By that time the ideas were widespread in progressive social circles , one proponent being the novelist Harriet Martineau whose circle of acquaintances included Charles Darwin , and the ideas of Malthus were a significant influence on the inception of Darwin 's theory .
An estimated US$ 45 billion has been spent by the Saudi Arabian government financing mosques and Islamic schools in foreign countries .
Because sugar was yet to come to the Americas , xocolatl was said to be an acquired taste .
In 2003 , the village of Great Coates -LRB- Grimsby -RRB- regained parish status .
She and Joe DiMaggio were married in San Francisco on January 14 , 1954 .
Subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page .
Horodnic de Sus is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
He entered the University of Berlin in 1897 to study political economy .
A formula of propositional logic is said to be satisfiable if logical values can be assigned to its variables in a way that makes the formula true .
Most performances are outside , with tens of players , all in constant motion .
The first three-cushion billiards tournament took place January 14 -- 31 , 1878 in St. Louis , with McCreery a participant and New Yorker Leon Magnus the winner .
The first of what would become annual month-long -LRB- November-December -RRB- meditation courses was held in 1971 .
The Hyperion Cantos is a series of science fiction books that were written by Dan Simmons .
However , after finding out that Princess Kiko was pregnant with her third child , Koizumi decided to wait .
Nicktoons Nitro is a video game which is a sequel to Nicktoons Racing and Nicktoons Winners Cup Racing .
In October 2010 , Michele performed at a benefit concert for the Painted Turtle , a camp for children with illnesses .
It was first performed at Teatro La Fenice , Venice on 12 March 1857 .
The animal has no tail , but the tail membrane is long and broad .
Synchronization also prevents the loss of information stored on the device if it is lost , stolen , or destroyed .
Eazy-Duz-It is the debut album of rapper Eazy-E , released on September 16 , 1988 , through both Ruthless and Priority Records .
Ronald William George Barker -LRB- 25 September 1929 â `` 3 October 2005 -RRB- , popularly known as Ronnie Barker and -LRB- as a writer -RRB- Gerald Wiley , was an English comic actor and writer .
Hotmail is a free web-based e-mail service by Microsoft . Originally started as an independent service in 1996 , it became part of the MSN family in 1997 .
Percy-en-Auge is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Static electricity means the increase of electric charge on the surface of objects .
Statistical analysis demonstrates that the latter sense appears five times more than the former in all of ancient Greek literature .
`` Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment '' is the thirteenth episode of the second season of The Simpsons , which first started on February 7 , 1991 .
The peace treaty which ended the war was signed in Pretoria on 3 August 1881 at the Pretoria Convention .
Martin , finding Rice-Oxley to be talented , asked him to be Coldplay 's keyboard player but Rice-Oxley refused as his own band , Keane , was already operational .
Non-vascular plants include two distantly related groups :
The faÃ ade designed by Maderno , is 114.69 m wide and 45.55 m high and is built of travertine stone , with a giant order of Corinthian columns and a central pediment rising in front of a tall attic surmounted by statues of Christ , John the Baptist , and eleven of the apostles .
Although quantum computing is still in its infancy , experiments have been carried out in which quantum computational operations were executed on a very small number of qubits -LRB- quantum bits -RRB- .
Paris Saint-Germain Football Club , also known simply as Paris Saint-Germain and familiarly as Paris SG or PSG , is a professional football club based in Paris , France .
U.S. Lecce is a football club which plays in Italy .
Masanobu Izumi -LRB- born 8 April 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
That season three clubs were relegated and one from Liga Leumit was promoted .
The Wars of Scottish Independence were a series of military campaigns fought between Scotland and England in the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
-LRB- If you want to search on the entire Web , use instead . -RRB-
Regional airline service is branded as US Airways Express , operated by contract and subsidiary airline companies . As of December 2008 , US Airways , based in Tempe , Arizona , employed 33,765 people worldwide and operated 3,130 daily flights -LRB- 1,312 US Airways Mainline , 1,818 US Airways Express as of December 2008 -RRB- .
Southerly wind shear displaced the convection to the north of the center , and Debby weakened to a minimal tropical storm on August 25 .
Saint-Bandry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1898 the river was the scene of a brief gold rush called the Kobuk River Stampede , which involved about 2,000 prospectors in total .
-- the rotten-to-gathered ratio is -LRB- 1 apple -RRB- \/ -LRB- 10 apples -RRB- = 0.1 = 10 % , which is a dimensionless quantity .
Michael F. Feldkamp -LRB- ed . -RRB-
At a young age he read dystopia books such as Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell and Brave New World by Aldous Huxley , which would influence his later work .
Flying the aircraft was pilot John Ogonowski and first officer Thomas McGuinness . The flight attendants were Barbara Arestegui , Jeffrey Collman , Sara Low , Karen Martin , Kathleen Nicosia , Betty Ong , Jean Roger , Dianne Snyder and Madeline Sweeney .
Uezwil is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
His apprenticeship with the Lathrops lasted seven years .
Landgrebe is known as one of Husserl 's closest associates , but also for his independent views relating to history , religion and politics as seen from the viewpoints of existentialist philosophy and metaphysics .
The Commonwealth of England was the republic which ruled first England , and then Ireland and Scotland from 1649 to 1660 .
Wetherby is a town in West Yorkshire , England .
In 2004 BCC purchased the Ã stre BolÃ rne island from the Norwegian military , but agreed to cancel the transaction after a media frenzy .
They invited Richard Hughes for the drums .
He said later in the review that `` the audio is very nice , with lots of directional effects and nice musical cues . ''
Satanists within the Church of Satan adhere to these as guidelines on how to live .
Hence Isagoras and his supporters were forced to flee to the Acropolis , remaining besieged there for two days .
Coahoma County is a county located in the Mississippi Delta region of the U.S. state of Mississippi .
and Luigi 's Mansion .
It is made up of stuff similar to 1 Ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered and made up of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .
The area of Bukit Timah has an extensive flora and forest compared to the parts of Singapore , and contains Bukit Timah Nature Reserve , which is partially responsible for its high land value .
The Chester city walls are big intact defensive walls around an important English city of Chester .
, a comical 4-D film featuring appearances by Flik and Hopper from DisneyÂ Pixar 's A Bug 's Life .
According to statements to the media by a Federal Chancellory official , in none of the few cases of accusations against a Federal Councillor has the permission to prosecute ever been granted .
The three largest racing series run by NASCAR are the Sprint Cup , the Nationwide Series and the Camping World Truck Series . The Sprint Cup Series is the highest level of racing in NASCAR .
The entire network is commonly but mistakenly called `` the catacombs '' .
The storm caused at least 163 direct deaths along its path , primarily in Hispaniola , due to flooding and mudslides .
Internationally , Ulm is primarily known for having the church with the tallest steeple in the world , the Gothic minster -LRB- Ulm Minster , German : Ulmer MÃ 1\/4 nster -RRB- and as the birthplace of Albert Einstein .
She was tortured to death by Gertrude Baniszewski -LRB- nÃ e Van Fossan -RRB- , Gertrude 's children , and other young people from their neighborhood .
Radjabov 's playing style has been described as attacking and tactically influenced .
Thiernu is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
On 23 August 2007 , at 12pm , Mayor Ken Livingstone formally apologised for London 's role in the transatlantic slave trade .
It is an expected or free or continuously changing behavior and may have a given individual social status or social position .
He provided a voice in the Family Guy episode `` Prick up your ears . ''
A commander in the Royal Navy is above the rank of Lieutenant-Commander , below the rank of Captain .
Aylesbury is near London .
Aberfan is a village in South Wales where , in 1966 , a slag-heap fell down , killing 28 adults and 116 children .
Founders of non-territorial micronations commonly assert that the requirement in the Montevideo Convention of a defined territory is in some way wrong-headed , for largely unspecified reasons .
Seasons started in January and ended in March until the 1910 â `` 11 season which was the first to start before the new year .
`` The Fight Song Pt .1 '' was also released as a 12 '' picture disc vinyl LP on February 19 , 2001 in the UK .
Itâ s all me , its all part of the tapestry of who I am . ''
Ala is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Since Germany was no longer able to pay the striking workers , more and more money was printed , which finally led to hyperinflation .
By 1790 , on the political front , the First Polish Republic had deteriorated into such a helpless condition that it was successfully forced into an unnatural and ultimately deadly alliance with its enemy , Prussia .
Afterwords Belge started to publish books written by political prisoners .
Bismuth has unusually low toxicity for a heavy metal . As the toxicity of lead has become more apparent in recent years , alloy uses for bismuth metal , as a replacement for lead , have become an increasing part of bismuth 's commercial importance .
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is an additional digital radio service provided by the BBC via DAB Digital Radio and the digital satellite , digital terrestrial , IPTV and digital cable television services in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland .
On 22 November 2005 , Angela Merkel was sworn in by president Horst KÃ hler for the office of Bundeskanzlerin .
Started by then Disney CEO Ron W. Miller in 1984 , Touchstone 's first release was Splash .
Grady Sizemore III -LRB- born August 2 , 1982 -RRB- is a Major League Baseball center fielder for the Cleveland Indians .
The SNP won the highest number of seats in the Scottish Parliament following the 2007 election and Salmond was subsequently appointed First Minister of Scotland . He appointed Sturgeon his Deputy First Minister and Cabinet Secretary for Health and Wellbeing .
The Portland Trail Blazers , commonly known as the Blazers , are an American professional basketball team based in Portland , Oregon .
Thus , Claudius becomes an enigma .
Eusebius speaks of an almost innumerable host of accompanying priests , deacons and acolytes .
In Australia , any stillborn fetus that weighs more than 400 grams and lived in the mother for more than 20 weeks must be registered .
In the 1930s the LPO was the orchestra for the international opera seasons at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , of which Beecham was artistic director .
Batista won the World Heavyweight Championship on April 3 at WrestleMania 21 .
Auto-Tune was used to produce the prominent altered vocal effect on Cher 's `` Believe '' , recorded in 1998 , the first major hit song to employ the software for this purpose .
There was an exhibition about him on the bicentenary of the Battle of Camperdown and there was a display about him in SeaBritain Year -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
At age 29 , she was the youngest person to ever serve in that position .
Breckinridge 's army consisted of Colonel Henry Giltner 's brigade , -LRB- which was formed from the soldiers of the 4th Kentucky Cavalry and the 10th Kentucky Cavalry -RRB- ; the 10th Kentucky Mounted Rifles -LRB- later renamed to the 13th Kentucky Cavalry -RRB- , and the 64th Virginia Mounted Infantry .
Five years later , a children 's clinic was added .
Smith began started her own act around 1913 , at Atlanta 's `` 81 '' Theatre .
Homo rhodesiensis is a possible hominin species described from the fossil Rhodesian Man .
On December 10 a low-level circulation developed within the system , though its convection had become disorganized and well-removed from the center .
Bahrain is split into five governorates .
Chet Atkins produced records for Perry Como , Elvis Presley , the Everly Brothers , Eddy Arnold , Jim Reeves , Jerry Reed and Waylon Jennings along with many others .
Only HokkaidÅ produces more farm products , and Chiba leads HokkaidÅ in vegetable production .
In fact , Mary Calderone , former medical director of Planned Parenthood , said , in a 1960 printing of the American Journal of Public Health :
Jorge Burruchaga -LRB- born 9 October 1962 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player . He has played for Argentina national team .
Other nearby settlements are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil .
Consequently Jobs became Disney 's largest individual shareholder at 7 % and a member of Disney 's Board of Directors .
To wrap in the typical direction -LRB- wrapping left-to-right -RRB- define all those floating-tables , instead , as left-side tables using the top parameter style = `` float : left ; margin :0.46 em 0.2 em '' .
The Royal Surrey Gardens -LRB- Surrey Music Hall -RRB- were gardens in Kennington , London , during the Victorian period .
Fort Nelson had a population of 4,514 people in 2006 , which was an increase of 7.8 % from the 2001 census count .
They had three children , Blanca -LRB- who died in 1886 -RRB- , Laura -LRB- a painter -RRB- , and Alfonso -LRB- who played for Real Madrid in the early 1900s before becoming a diplomat -RRB- .
After his discharge , he struggled with drug problems .
The film was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action .
The company was formerly known as ntl : Telewest following the merger of NTL Incorporated with Telewest Global , Inc. . A further merger with Virgin Mobile UK in 2006 created the first `` quadruple-play '' media company in the United Kingdom , bringing together television , Internet , mobile phone and fixed-line telephone services .
In Taiwan , the law says that the birthday of a leapling is February 28 in years that are not leap years .
It was used during the pre-TOPS period .
The College of Law of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila -LRB- PLM -RRB- in Manila , Philippines is one of the two Professional schools of the University .
Kathryn Janeway is a character in the American TV series Star Trek : Voyager .
The classical economist David Ricardo would use the above definition for the term fixed capital while including raw materials and intermediate products are part of his circulating capital .
On September 7 , 1949 he was elected as the first president of the federal Bundesrat of Germany .
Despite the angry tides , Ian became victorious as he brought the flint back at camp .
Adolf Hitler , who had become Chancellor of Germany four weeks before , urged President Paul von Hindenburg to pass an emergency law to fight back `` the confrontation of the Communist Party of Germany '' .
Scrooge McDuck or Uncle Scrooge is a fictional character first appearing in the comic book Christmas on Bear Mountain .
Due to that performance , he reached a career-high ranking of 6 in the ICC Player Rankings on December 26 , 1998 .
The New York Rangers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
South Dildo is a neighbouring unincorporated community .
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang ` an -LRB- modern-day Xian -RRB- .
Faas Wilkes -LRB- born 13 October 1923 - died 15 August 2006 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player .
It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna .
Because of the high level of detail that can be done by a master engraver , faking engraved designs is almost impossible , and modern banknotes are almost always engraved , as are plates for printing money , checks , bonds and other papers that should not be faked .
The first London edition appeared in May 1852 , and sold 200,000 copies .
Captain IvÃ n Castro -LRB- born 1967 -RRB- is a U.S. Army officer who did not leave the Special Forces after becoming blind .
Five hundred species of marine algae or seaweed live on the reef , including thirteen species of genus Halimeda , which deposit calcareous mounds up to 100 m wide , creating mini-ecosystems on their surface which have been compared to rainforest cover .
In 1998 , a total of 24,537,600 crimes were recorded in United States , while in Russia a total of 2,581,940 crimes were recorded .
Filain , Aisne is a commune .
Most of the installations are done in a urban setting .
Ewing is a city in Fleming County , Kentucky , United States .
He married Gallagher in 1988 in Reno , Nevada .
Yokosuka occupies most of Miura Peninsula , and is bordered by the mouth of Tokyo Bay to the east and Sagami Bay on the Pacific Ocean on the west .
Based primarily in London , England , the University of London is a federal mega university made up of 31 affiliates : 19 separate university institutions , and 12 research institutes .
They inhabit the deep slopes of coral reefs .
This is where they teach the older children , from Grade 6 to Grade 12 . It is in a part of West Vancouver called the British Properties .
Sometimes bands are named after their bandleaders .
During the attack , a blast from the explosion of gunpowder stored in Captain Jacobs 's house was heard in Pittsburgh , 44 miles away .
Listed for each station is the line or lines serving it , the local authority and London Travelcard zone in which it is located , the date it opened , previous names and passenger usage statistics in millions per year .
OpenOffice.org Writer is the word processor component of the OpenOffice.org software package .
Marcos Bonifacio da Rocha -LRB- born 7 March 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
These types of gardens are cared for by people called gardeners or groundskeepers .
Treize-Septiers is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It was the last with a 16-bit version .
With the Internet now being a viable source for obtaining music , we see the emergence of net labels .
F.B.C. Unione Venezia is a football club which plays in Italy .
Back at camp , Stephenie tried to pull the Koror girls into a female alliance , but Caryn spilled the plot to the men .
This was the first tournament victory by a Soviet master outside his own country .
The vision of the IPC is , `` To enable Paralympic athletes to achieve sporting excellence and to inspire and excite the world . ''
In 1999 , Apple started making the cheaper iBook model .
Born January 27 , 1948 in Nizhni Tagil , Russia , in the family of Austrian poet and translator , political Ã migrÃ Boris Brainin -LRB- Sepp Ã -- sterreicher -RRB- , who belonged to the well-known Viennese Brainin family -LRB- his relatives are Hebrew publicist , biographer and public figure Reuben Brainin , Austrian\/British violinist Norbert Brainin and others -RRB- .
Arlington is a city in Carlisle County , Kentucky , United States .
If so , an early recourse to dispute resolution may help .
Also on the table was an Italian film offer worth several million giving her script , director and co-star approval .
When the show was broadcast , Rupert Boneham won the million dollars .
Adobe Illustrator is a computer program for making graphic design and illustrations . It is made by Adobe Systems .
Tiger Woods , a famous golf player , is of white , Chinese , Native American , Thai , and black descent ; his father being half African American and his mother being half Thai .
Histones are found in the nuclei of eukaryotic cells , and in certain Archaea , namely Euryarchaea , but not in bacteria .
In the last national census -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , the population of Las Galeras is included with that of Santa BÃ rbara de SamanÃ .
In some commercial processes , green nickel oxide is made by heating a mixture of nickel powder and water at 1000 Â C , the rate for this reaction can be increased by the addition of NiO . The simplest and most successful method of preparation is through pyrolysis of a nickel -LRB- II -RRB- compounds such as the hydroxide , nitrate , and carbonate , which yield a light green powder .
He was selected as the Defensive MVP in the 1999 Can-Am Bowl , and was chosen as the Outstanding Defensive Lineman in the 1999 Saskatchewan Senior Bowl .
The satellite is about 5 kilometres in diameter and appears gray -LRB- color indices B-V = 0.63 , R-V = 0.36 -RRB- , similar to C-type asteroids .
When discussing Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , composer Ned Rorem described `` She 's Leaving Home '' as `` equal to any song that Schubert ever wrote . ''
Paleothyris had sharp teeth and large eyes : it was a nocturnal hunter .
JosÃ LuÃ s Santos da VisitaÃ Ã # o -LRB- born 23 March 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
It borders VÃ stergÃ tland , Dalsland , Dalarna , VÃ stmanland and NÃ rke .
During this period Piero della Francesca worked in the church of San Francesco di Arezzo producing the splendid frescoes , recently restored , which are Arezzo 's most famous works .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 35 Union Councils , three of which form the tehsil capital Shakargarh .
One of the most obvious features of the L&B was its rail vehicles , with the engines appearing first in a plain lined Holly green color , later on a black base , with chestnut under-frames , pulling passenger carriages colored terra-cotta with cream upper panels , and light gray goods wagons .
The book tells the story of two sisters Olanna and Kainene during the Biafran War .
It is also the biggest wild sheep , standing as high as 120 c and weighing as much as 180 k. The Pamir argali -LRB- also called Marco Polo sheep , for they were first described by that traveller -RRB- may attain more than 6 f in length .
The outside of the cell has a hair-like trigger .
This is known as `` stored program architecture '' or von Neumann architecture .
But , after Dempsey finally went to a neutral corner , the referee started his count , and Tunney got up at the referee 's count of nine .
Among the arrivals on the Second Fleet were D'Arcy Wentworth and his convict mistress Catherine Crowley , on Neptune , and John Macarthur , then a young lieutenant in the New South Wales Corps , and his wife Elizabeth , on Scarborough .
There is traditional music , yodeling , dances , theaters and festivals .
The caterpillar of the gypsy moth -LRB- Lymantria dispar -RRB- causes severe damage to forests in the northeast United States , where it is an invasive species .
Appenzell Ausserrhoden is a canton of Switzerland .
The Second Deemster lost his seat in 1965 and the First Deemster lost his in 1975 .
Thanks to a grant from the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation , Rucker taught math at the Ruprecht Karl University of Heidelberg from 1978 â `` 1980 .
Johor is linked to Singapore via two road connections : the Johor-Singapore Causeway and the Malaysia-Singapore Second Link .
Jazz piano has played a leading role in developing the sound of jazz .
Burla is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Pickering estimated the diameter at 38 miles -LRB- 61 km -RRB- , but since he also gave 42 miles -LRB- 68 km -RRB- as the diameter of Phoebe , he was clearly overestimating the albedo ; using the modern figure for Phoebe gives Themis a diameter of 200 km .
He moved to New York in 1938 and became a part of the Manhattan Project .
At night they look for food , mainly eating larger insects like grasshoppers and beetles , snails , eggs , young nestlings , small mice , and spiders , as well as berries , fruit , and nuts like acorns and beechnuts .
\/ \/ \/ \/ _________________________________________________________________________________________ \/ \/ \/ \/ \/ \/ Changes to this page affect many users .
He has the distinction of being undefeated in over a hundred battles , against the numerically superior forces of the Byzantine-Roman Empire , Sassanid-Persian Empire , and their allies , in addition to other Arab tribes .
During the letterpress era , moveable type was composed by hand for each page .
Formerly , Mozilla Add-ons was known as Mozilla Update -LRB- or UMO , as the hostname was update.mozilla.org -RRB- .
This combination is often used in Hindu rites .
While these spam links can be removed , they are a significant nuisance .
Kota Aoki -LRB- born 27 April 1987 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
McKillops Road is the northern park boundary , with the Alpine National Park to the north of the road .
In April 1959 , Simpson set off to live in the Breton fishing port of Saint-Brieuc , France , hoping to win enough local amateur races to get noticed by a professional cycling team .
Today , Dysart retains an individual character within the boundary borders of neighbouring Kirkcaldy .
When Buick designed a 90 Â V6 based on their 90 Â V8 , they initially used a simpler three-throw crankshaft laid out in the same manner as the V8 with pairs of connecting rods sharing the same crankpin , which resulted in firing intervals alternating between 90 Â and 150 Â .
For the last year it has n't seemed as if they wanted to be around anymore .
In 2000 , her second studio album , Tu Veneno -LRB- Your Poison -RRB- was released and was presentation in `` Gala de la Hispanidad '' , `` Gala de Murcia '' -LRB- both in Spain -RRB- and `` Festival de la Calle 8 '' in Miami .
Oxford English Dictionary .
Jujurieux is a commune .
Pakistan has a parliamentary form of government .
The Netherlands Antilles national football team was the national team of the former Netherlands Antilles and was controlled by the Nederlands Antilliaanse Voetbal Unie .
The video originated from a Brazilian distributor and filmographer , Marco Fiorito , who describes himself as a `` compulsive fetishist '' .
The SS Richard Montgomery was an American ship built during World War II .
On 13 January 2006 , Steve Staunton was appointed manager of the Republic of Ireland national team , with Robson named in a support role as International Football Consultant .
Michael William `` Mike '' Krzyzewski -LRB- , born February , 13 , 1947 -RRB- is an American college basketball coach .
For clarity and simplicitly , G-sharp major is usually notated as its enharmonic equivalent of A-flat major ; however , it does appear as a secondary key area in several works in sharp keys - most notably in the Prelude and Fugue in C sharp major from Bach 's Well-Tempered Klavier , Book 1 .
A.B. Quintanilla , III , wrote and produced almost every song on Ven Conmigo . David Lee Garza , the accordion player for the title track , `` Ven Conmigo , participated in the writing and production , as well .
An essential characteristic of a virtual machine is that the software running inside is limited to the resources and abstractions provided by the virtual machineâ '' it can not break out of its virtual world .
In the late 1960s , Quant popularized hot pants , becoming a British fashion icon .
The water police and customs officers remained here until the Melbourne Harbour Trust developed river channels closer to the Melbourne CBD in the 1890s .
Bacteria having a centrally placed endospore include Bacillus cereus , and those having a subterminal endospore include Bacillus subtilis . Sometimes the endospore can be so large the cell can be distended around the endospore , this is typical of Clostridium tetani .
`` When Flanders Failed '' is the third episode of the The Simpsons third season .
Before this dynasty , China was ruled by Song Dynasty . After the Yuan Dyansty , the Ming Dynasty ruled China .
Rich Creek is a town in Giles County , Virginia , United States .
They have two children .
The official name of the club is North Melbourne , but the club has gone under several other aliases over the years . The club was originally founded as the ` North Melbourne Football Club ' , but changed to ` North Melbourne cum Albert Park ' after merging with Albert park in 1876 .
In 1996 , a majority share in Lotus was sold to Perusahaan Otomobil Nasional Bhd -LRB- Proton -RRB- , a Malaysian car company listed on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange .
As an individual , apart from various awards associated with his albums and singles , Gordon Lightfoot has received sixteen Juno Awards â '' for top folk singer in 1965 , 1966 , 1968 , 1969 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1976 and 1977 , for top male vocalist in 1967 , 1970 , 1971 , 1972 and 1973 , and as composer of the year in 1972 and 1976 .
One of the most significant buildings of an earlier phase of development was Dollan Baths leisure complex -LRB- opened 1968 -RRB- which has category A listed status .
When Strasberg felt Monroe was ready to give a performance in front of her peers , Monroe and Maureen Stapleton chose the opening scene from Eugene O'Neill 's Anna Christie , and although she had faltered during each rehearsal , she was able to complete the performance without forgetting her lines .
Henry came to regret Cromwell 's execution , and later accused his ministers of bringing about Cromwell 's downfall by false charges .
Every processor or processor family has its own machine code instruction set .
The core of that work is to measure , interpret , and describe the world and human activity patterns within it .
Obsidian is also used for ornamental purposes and as a gemstone .
In anticipation of heavy rainfall , the agency also issued heavy rainfall warnings for western Nova Scotia , including Halifax .
Pallone col bracciale was particularly popular throughout Italy in the 18th century then in 19th century and 20th century until 1930 was the most popular sport of ancient Italian national sports ; its first official regulations date back to 1555 .
They had a role on The Suite Life of Zack and Cody , where they were the twins Janice -LRB- Camilla -RRB- and Jessica -LRB- Rebecca -RRB- . They also had the principal roles in the third movie in the series of Legally Blonde , Legally Blondes , which appeared on ABC Family and Disney Channel .
This led to confrontations between the Pizarro brothers and Almagro , who was eventually defeated during the Battle of Las Salinas -LRB- 1538 -RRB- and executed .
The strongest evidence comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia where several artifacts related to the use of fire by humans had been recovered including charred logs , charcoal , reddened areas , carbonized grass stems and plants , and wooden implements which may have been hardened by fire .
Pappano was born in England , but his family had come from Italy .
Paloma was the second most powerful November hurricane on record in the Atlantic Basin , behind only 1999 's Lenny .
In recent years , the term macro has been used in marketing material to mean being able to focus on a subject close enough so that when a regular 6 4 inch -LRB- 15 10 cm -RRB- print is made , the image is life-size or larger .
Arconville is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
The group announced plans to disband again following the release of their final album , Go Away White , in 2008 .
The 2002 Commonwealth Games were held in Manchester , England from 25 July to 4 August 2002 .
For instance , many of the Germanic states -LRB- as well as English Reformation -RRB- converted to Protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the power of the Pope .
Michaels used the momentum to take advantage inside the ring , delivering a snapmare and then a low kick to the grounded Austin but as he took time to offend the audience Stone Cold briefly picked up some speed throwing Michaels out of the ring but just as quickly lost ground as his opponent repeatedly worked on Austin 's left knee , throwing it into the ring post and then kicking and dropping onto it back inside the ring .
Eleanor `` Nell '' Gwyn -LRB- or Gwynn or Gwynne -RRB- -LRB- 1650 - 14 November 1687 -RRB- , was one of the earliest English actresses to receive prominent recognition , and a long-time mistress of King Charles II .
Monthey is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Both were Democratic , both took the side of organized labor and immigrants -LRB- unlike publishers like the New York Tribune 's Whitelaw Reid , who blamed their poverty on moral defects -RRB- , and both spent a lot of money making their Sunday publications , which were like weekly magazines , going beyond just daily journalism .
While argued as historically correct , one report of events that followed stated that in order to please American interests during the War of 1812 , a flag of the United States was raised over Kamehameha 's home only to be removed when British officers in the court of Kamehameha powerfully objected to it .
The piece ends quietly with just the percussion playing at a distance .
Survivor : Africa is the third season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Internet Explorer add-on components run with the same privileges as the browser itself , unlike client-side scripts that have a very limited set of privileges .
The authors com from the Sil Valley , specially from El Bierzu and it is the collective book in the Leonese language where there are more authors .
Still there is no known way to break the full 16 rounds , apart from a brute-force search .
The movie features four different parts , or segments . Each of them begin with different clips of the Disney artists roaming the country drawing cartoons of some of the local cultures and scenery :
Ziad Tlemcani -LRB- born 10 May 1963 -RRB- is a former Tunisian football player . He has played for Tunisia national team .
It does , however , provide basic effects for improved viewing , such as zooming , fullscreen , rotation , and transparent image background control .
In an interview , Aliyev asserted that :
In November 2006 , the City 's first elected officials were voted into office , with the City of Johns Creek becoming official December 1 , 2006 .
However , by the company 's last Formula One race in 1994 , the cars were no longer competitive .
On March 23 , 2011 , Aflac announced that the company was taking applications for the new voice of the Aflac Duck through QuackAflac.com until April 1 .
Backmasking -LRB- also known as backward masking -RRB- is a recording technique in which a sound or message is recorded backward on to a track that is meant to be played forward .
The 1960 Winter Olympics , officially known as the VIII Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1960 in Squaw Valley , California , United States -LRB- located in the Lake Tahoe basin -RRB- .
Bad TÃ lz is a town in Bavaria , Germany , and administrative center of the district of Bad TÃ lz-Wolfratshausen .
The Snares Penguin -LRB- Eudyptes robustus -RRB- , also known as the Snares Crested Penguin and the Snares Islands Penguin , is a penguin from New Zealand .
Another common occurrence of computer rage is whilst playing computer games , mainly first-person shooters and mmorpgs .
Del Naja , Vowles , and Marshall then formed the trip-hop group Massive Attack , which is considered to have pioneered the Bristol Sound along with Portishead and Tricky .
Zappas and his cousin Konstantinos Zappas had left the Greek government money to fund future Olympic Games .
The first recorded use of bronze as a color name in English was in 1753 .
In 2005 , the USDA and FDA lifted the ban , provided the peppercorns are heated to around 70 degrees Celsius -LRB- 160 degrees Fahrenheit -RRB- to kill the canker bacteria before importation .
Historical attitudes towards oats vary .
The island is one of only two places in Victoria where there are no foxes . Because of this , the island has kept a variety of native species which have been devastated by the fox in other areas .
Son of Tolui and the Kerait princess Sorghaghtani Beki , he was a grandson of Genghis Khan , and the brother of Arik Boke , Mongke and Kublai Khan .
Of course , this page should not replace talking about people directly on their talk pages , or on article talk pages .
Molinchart is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In the U.S. , public objections and the threat of lawsuits have resulted in a number of school districts in recent years changing policy to make showers optional .
Canadian author and journalist Paul Grescoe reported in 1968 that `` A British magazine said his teacher was Jagad Guru Shankaracharya Swami Brahmananda Saraswati , ... or Guru Dev for short .
The 2002 Atlantic hurricane season was a yearly event of tropical cyclones forming in the Atlantic Ocean . The season officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30 .
Virden is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Naoto Sakurai is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for Omiya Ardija .
Kobuk is a city in Alaska .
Alice remained , however , a Princess of Great Britain and Ireland and a Royal Highness in her own right , as granddaughter of Queen Victoria in the male line .
They had various forms , including ballade , rondeau and virelai . Some composers at the time liked to set popular poetry to music .
Whately also addressed Austen 's position as a female writer . He wrote : `` we suspect one of Miss Austin 's -LRB- sic -RRB- great merits in our eyes to be , the insight she gives us into the peculiarities of female heroines are what one knows women must be , though one never can get them to acknowledge -LRB- admit -RRB- it . ''
as the leprechaun partner of the Irish wrestler , Finlay .
Stephanie Hwang -LRB- Korean name : Hwang Mi-young ; Hangul : í ë ì ; Hanja : é '' ç 3\/4 è ; born August 1 , 1989 -RRB- , best known simply as Tiffany , is an American singer and dancer .
Riccardo Patrese went too late and was the big loser .
In the United States , the band won the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 2007 ceremony for their song `` Woman '' .
Collier County 's seat is Naples .
Articles about townships in the U.S. state of Michigan . See also : Category : Charter townships in Michigan , List of cities , villages , and townships in Michigan .
Merksplas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
There is a lot of rain throughout the year -LRB- annual average - 1324 mm -RRB- , with occasional snowfall .
And such acts of homosexuality will lead to life in prison , or even face the death penalty .
The mines were acquired by Anglo American U.B. Teader mining company in 1867 , which sold them to Moctezuma Copper Co , a subsidiary of Phelps Dodge .
In 1920 DuruflÃ entered the Conservatoire de Paris , eventually graduating with first prizes in organ , harmony , piano accompaniment , and composition .
Oklahoma later became the de facto name for Oklahoma Territory , and it was officially approved in 1890 , two years after the area was opened to white settlers .
Anne 's mother , Sophie of Mecklenburg-G Ã 1\/4 strow , however , was only 17 . Three years later she did give birth to a son .
Many of the metaphors he used in his poetry as well as subject matter came from legends , mythology , and literature .
However he was not able to repay the debts , so these lands became integral parts of Guelders .
They are used for digging for roots and stripping the bark off trees for food , and , fighting each other during mating season , or defending themselves against predators .
He lost the weight during training camp , but dieting left him weak while hitting .
Just after the death of Sophie Charlotte , the village near the palace was called ` Charlottenburg ' and the palace itself Schloss Charlottenburg , and the settlement was chartered as a town .
The party has historically been associated with the Provisional IRA .
Jura is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
As Walter Juniper wrote , â Everything , including artistic characterization and consistency of characterization , were sacrificed to humor , and character portrayal remained only where it was necessary for the success of the plot and humor to have a persona who stayed in character , and where the persona by his portrayal contributed to humor .
The capital is Morioka .
Their factory in Trafford Park , Manchester , was for most of the 20th century one of the biggest and most important heavy engineering facilities in Britain and the world .
Then , two Palauan natives , Edwin and Joe , taught Koror how to fish , gave them additional fishing equipment , and held a feast .
Statues of her beloved characters Ramona , Henry Huggins , and the Huggins ' dog Ribsy can be found in Grant Park in Portland , Oregon .
This cyclone is known as Reid 's Hurricane .
The first Principal was Osvaldo Castillo , who contracted normalist teachers , and almost all of them had worked in the Pedro Aguirre High School .
Hepatitis can also be caused by alcohol .
Ullrich also won the Championships of Hamburg semi-classic .
Around 100 houses in Acapulco and Zihuatanejo were damaged or washed away by flash flooding .
Durham County is part of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments .
This debris may have been plucked off the valley floor as a glacier advanced or it may have fallen off the valley walls as a result of frost wedging or landslide .
Each sentence has a melody ; his short prose especially sounds lyrical .
In response to a British proposal , Stresemann wrote to the German ambassador in London : '' -LRB- A -RRB- final and lasting recapitalization of Poland must be delayed until the country is ripe for a settlement of the border according to our wishes and until our own position is sufficiently strong '' .
Some shipping channels are kept deeper through dredging .
The show was devised by Endemol , the company that also devised Big Brother .
A quiz is a form of game or mind sport in which the players -LRB- as individuals or in teams -RRB- attempt to answer questions correctly .
It allows a DJ to fade one source out while fading another source in at the same time .
In 1415 Bern invaded lower Aargau with the help of Solothurn .
Larger textile businesses established themselves , later diversifying into weaving and embroidery .
Kirkland was named after her mother , fashion editor Sally Kirkland , who was a fashion editor at Vogue and LIFE magazines , and was raised in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
In 1922 , he was appointed Professor of English at the University of Leeds .
The MC12 was succeeded by the Maserati MC12 Corsa in 2006 .
Leerimetsa is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
In engineering mechanics , bending -LRB- also known as flexure -RRB- characterizes the behavior of a structural element subjected to a lateral load .
The Mamas & The Papas were a popular pop music singing group in the 1960s .
The only time Hindenburg ever tried to stop a Nazi bill was in early April 1933 . The Reichstag had passed a Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service .
Higher capacity Zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability .
A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives directly at its targets in order to provide greater accuracy for the bomb it drops .
The population was 4,985 at the 2000 census .
According to the United States Census Bureau , Warne has a total area of 8.05 s and is 15 minutes north of Brasstown Bald , the tallest mountain in Georgia at 4,784 feet above sea level .
That year , more than 2000 members of Muslim student groups protested outside Al-Azhar University . This led to rare public protests against the Egyptian government , violence , 75 arrests and a number of injuries .
In the late 1960s and early 1970s there were plans for a `` Picc-Vic tunnel '' to carry main-line trains under the city center , but this proposal was abandoned because of excessive cost .
The point of the event was based around the Money in the Bank ladder match , with two matches held at the show for the Raw and SmackDown brands .
In the Spring of 216 B.C. Hannibal captured the large supply depot at Cannae in the Apulian plain .
There was a slow decline in their numbers between about 1800 and 1870 , followed by a catastrophic decline between 1870 and 1890 .
Malena Ernman -LRB- born as Sara Magdalena Ernman , November 4 , 1970 in Uppsala , Sweden , as -RRB- is a Swedish opera singer -LRB- mezzo-soprano -RRB- .
Already known for having conducted Tchaikovsky 's The Nutcracker ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre at the age of 20 , he quickly established his reputation .
There have been a number of TOPS class numbers assigned to proposed locomotives that have not been built for one reason or another .
The team 's headquarters were originally located at Meta Images 's offices in Madrid , housing marketing and administration , while its technical center is located at Campos Racing 's headquarters in Alzira , Valencia .
A common theme in evolutionary medicine , Paleolithic nutrition is based on the premise that modern humans are genetically adapted to the diet of their Paleolithic ancestors and that human genetics have scarcely changed since the dawn of agriculture , and therefore that an ideal diet for human health and well-being is one that resembles this ancestral diet . Proponents of this diet argue that modern human populations subsisting on traditional diets allegedly similar to those of Paleolithic hunter-gatherers are largely free of diseases of affluence , and that two small prospective studies of the Paleolithic diet in humans have shown some positive health outcomes .
In 1981 , O'Leary and her husband established the consulting firm of -LRB- O'Leary & Associates , where she served as vice president and general counsel .
The Orange-bellied Euphonia -LRB- Euphonia xanthogaster -RRB- is a species of bird in the Fringillidae -LRB- finch -RRB- family .
The Aurochs , or urus , -LRB- Bos primigenius -RRB- was a large species of cattle , once common in Europe but now extinct .
Wind engineering draws upon meteorology , fluid dynamics , mechanics , Geographic Information Systems and a number of specialist engineering disciplines including aerodynamics , and structural dynamics .
The Ciscaucasian Hamster , -LRB- Mesocricetus raddei -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family .
In England , there are currently eight parishes with city status , all places with long-established Anglican cathedrals : Chichester , Ely , Hereford , Lichfield , Ripon , Salisbury , Truro and Wells .
He also made a demonstration concert at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague in early 1993 before dying in Moscow in 1993 at the age of 97 .
In the following table , `` Series # '' refers to the episode 's number in the overall series , whereas `` Season # '' refers to the episode 's number in this particular season .
The first , Kyle XY : Nowhere to Hide , concerns Kyle 's first Halloween , while the second , Kyle XY : Under the Radar , concerns the school 's presidential election , with Kyle as a candidate .
Hurricane Beulah was the most notable Atlantic hurricane of 1967 . A Category 5 hurricane , it killed 58 and made $ 217 million -LRB- $ 1.2 billion in 2005 US dollars -RRB- in damage as it crossed the YucatÃ n Peninsula and then made landfall a second time near the mouth of the Rio Grande river .
Units were delivered into traffic painted in Network SouthEast blue , red and white livery .
As a result , she had sung all three parts - the Marschallin , Octavian , Sophie - in Der Rosenkavalier .
For centuries the Swahili depended greatly on trade from the Indian Ocean .
Lamone is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Rosignano Marittimo is a comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno .
The pollen is carried by some external agent -LRB- wind , water or some member of the animal kingdom -RRB- to the receptive surface of the carpel of the same or another flower .
The Maryland in Liberia colony remained apart , as the state colonization society wished to maintain its trade monopoly in the area .
The circuit is designed by KBR Inc. . It was a modification of the original design first proposed by Hermann Tilke .
Linker histone usually has more than one form within a species and is also less conserved than the core histones .
Frederick Russell Burnham , DSO -LRB- May 11 , 1861 â `` September 1 , 1947 -RRB- was an American scout and world traveling adventurer known for his service to the British Army in colonial Africa and for teaching woodcraft to Robert Baden-Powell , thus becoming one of the inspirations for the founding of the international Scouting Movement .
Salama Moussa was a mentor of Naguib Mahfouz . Mahfouz was an Egyptian Nobel prize-winner in literature .
`` Oh father ! ''
Black symbolizes the native people of South Africa , green represents the land and gold represents the mineral and other natural wealth of South Africa .
Most bony fish are neither electrogenic nor electroreceptive .
These are the top ten skaters based on points .
Julian said , `` I do n't know why I called it that or why it stood out from all my other drawings , but I obviously had an affection for Lucy at that age .
Ahmed Yassin -LRB- January 1 , 1929 â `` March 22 , 2004 -RRB- was a spiritual leader of the militant Palestinian group Hamas .
The ticket office is located within the station building , and is managed by c2c . Tickets can be bought for National Rail services , the Docklands Light Railway and on Oyster card .
On February 23 , 1998 , Netscape created the Mozilla Organization to help the development of the Mozilla Application Suite .
Erich Johann Albert Raeder -LRB- 24 April 1876-6 November 1960 -RRB- was a naval leader in Germany before and during World War II .
In the backstory , FBI special agent Will Graham , who investigated Lecter 's murders but was unaware of his involvement , initially consulted Lecter about the case before realizing he was the culprit ; Lecter nearly killed Graham when he was captured . The plot finds Graham consulting Lecter in order to catch another serial killer , Francis Dolarhyde , known by the nickname `` The Tooth Fairy '' .
After he returned to Italy in 1894 he was arrested and had to spend two years in prison .
Even if Jared Leto is a major Hollywood actor , he prefers not to use this information to `` sell '' the band and he refuses to play shows where they use his name to promote the band .
The name `` Coahoma '' is a Choctaw word meaning `` red panther . ''
Johan Anthoniszoon `` Jan '' van Riebeeck -LRB- April 21 , 1619 â `` January 18 , 1677 -RRB- was a Dutch colonial administrator and founder of Cape Town .
This assessment involves measures of central tendency or averages , such as the mean and median , and measures of variability or statistical dispersion , such as the standard deviation or variance .
Princess Alice , Countess of Athlone GCVO GBE GStJ , VA , -LRB- Alice Mary Victoria Augusta Pauline ; nÃ e Princess Alice of Albany ; 25 February 1883 â `` 3 January 1981 -RRB- was a member of the British Royal Family .
He challenges Onegin to a duel which Onegin has to accept to keep his honor .
Note : The title in this example should be replaced by using the title parameter described below .
`` Amor Prohibido '' is a song by Mexican-American Tejano pop singer Selena .
The local state of a system at thermodynamic equilibrium is determined by the values of its intensive parameters , as pressure , temperature , etc. . Specifically , thermodynamic equilibrium is characterized by the minimum of a thermodynamic potential .
In 2007 and again in 2010 , he was voted the 7th greatest stand-up comic on Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Stand-Ups .
The reviewer for the Edinburgh Review thought differently . He praised Austen for her `` exhaustless invention '' .
Yasuo Manaka -LRB- born 31 January 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Burg FÃ 1\/4 rsteneck is a castle , situated in the middle of Germany between the towns of Fulda and Bad Hersfeld .
Splitting the Atom is an EP by Massive Attack .
The brothers and their friends then began to work for other independent companies .
The bridge is 800 feet -LRB- 244 m -RRB- in length with two towers each 213 feet -LRB- 65 m -RRB- high , built on piers .
But his research over the 2 years , he has just collected one hundred words so far .
In the spring the Iroquois netted , and in the winter fishing holes were made in the ice .
A bread roll is a piece of bread , usually small and round and is usually a side dish .
Competitions were reduced to a side-show of the World 's Fair and were lost in the chaos of other , more popular cultural exhibits .
Andelain is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
He also gained military experience by serving in the army during the War of Liberation against Napoleon I of France in 1814 , though he was an indifferent soldier .
The Saltire is one of the key components of the Union Flag which , since its creation in 1606 , has appeared in various forms following the Flag of Scotland and Flag of England first being merged to mark the Union of the Crowns .
The tinamous are a family comprising 47 species of birds found in Central and South America .
The interior of the stadium is a continuous oval bowl , with three tiers of seating at the sides , and two tiers at each end . While the seating is continuous , each side of the stadium has its own name in the manner of a traditional football ground .
The confidence one can therefore have that any of the study 's positive conclusions are correct is only about 32 % , well below the 95 % the researchers have set as their standard of acceptance .
CSOR is part of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command -LRB- CANSOFCOM -RRB- .
These other forms of law-making include referenda and constitutional conventions .
The crisis began after cartoons depicting the Islamic prophet Muhammad were published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten on September 30 , 2005 .
For example , while fighting monsters in The Sea of Monsters , his immunity to fire protected him from magical , flaming cannon balls that would have burned anyone else to ash .
Blackfriars station is a London Underground and National Rail station in the City of London .
Since the reproduction is asexual , the newly created organism is a clone and is genetically identical to the parent organism .
The regular area contains extensions that have been proven stable enough for everyday use and is broken down into different areas such as `` apps '' , `` net '' , `` system '' , and `` uci '' -LRB- `` Universal Compressed ISO '' - Extensions in .
Belize national football team is the national football team of Belize .
A well-known attraction is the Beekman Arms Inn , which is located at the corner of NY 308 and US 9 .
Strings longer than 500 are not truncated to 500 .
Locality of reference is a phenomenon that can be observed in Computer science .
After that he was both Chairman of the Provisional Government and Commander-in-chief of the National Army .
The first jammer to get through the pack without leaving the track gets to be the `` lead jammer '' .
In recent years , Poland 's population has decreased because of an increase in emigration and a sharp drop in the birth rate .
Kristin Harms and Llewellyn Wells were producers for the first episode .
Banneville-la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The name is the plural form of vin which means `` meadow '' or `` pasture '' .
La BaconniÃ re is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Denver Broncos are a American football team in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- . They play their home games in Denver , Colorado at INVESCO Field at Mile High .
When revolution broke out in Prussia in March 1848 , part of the larger Revolutions of 1848 , the king initially moved to repress it with the army , but later decided to recall the troops and place himself at the head of the movement on 19 March .
In the 1990s , along with the decline of the kibbutz movement , HaNoar HaOved VeHalomed began re-examining the ideal life path of its members , which had always began settling kibbutzim in gar ` inim after finishing their mandatory period of army service .
Lin Shu -LRB- 8 November 1852 , Fuzhou â '' 9 October 1924 , Beijing -RRB- was a Chinese translator from Fujian .
Under Claudius , the empire underwent its first major expansion since the reign of Augustus .
It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the south of the district at .
Pepper spray -LRB- also called OC spray , from Oleoresin capsicum -RRB- is a spray used for self-defence , by spraying it into an attacker 's face . It makes eyes water and causes intense pain , sometimes even leading to temporary blindness .
Large-scale captive breeding of Tiger salamanders has not been accomplished , for unknown reasons .
Roiffieux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The marriage took place in 1760 .
The band also made an appearance in the movie Singles performing `` Birth Ritual '' .
Matthias Sammer -LRB- born September 5 , 1967 in Dresden -RRB- is a retired German football player and coach who is now working as technical director of the DFB -LRB- German Football Association -RRB- .
It divides at the corner of Vine and Eight Streets , one branch running down Vine Street and emptying into Calapooia Creek , with a drop of 32 f. The other runs down Eighth to Thurston Street .
His father forbade the speaking of Yiddish at home , and Mikhail and his older brother Issy attended Soviet schools .
He suffered a nervous breakdown in 1919 , and his career effectively ended .
`` The Night Santa Went Crazy '' is an original song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
If two numbers differ by one order of magnitude , one is about ten times larger than the other .
Moss has been a supporter of the Breakthrough Breast Cancer charity , and in the 1990s featured in one of their target T-shirt campaigns .
Saint Croix ; is an island in the Caribbean Sea . It is a county and a district of the United States Virgin Islands , an a territory of the United States .
The Tombs of Atuan is the second of a series of books written by Ursula K. Le Guin and set in her fantasy archipelago of Earthsea , first published in 1971 .
On August 5 , 1772 , the occupation manifesto was issued , much to the consternation of a country too exhausted by the endeavors of the Confederation of Bar to offer successful resistance ; nonetheless several battles and sieges took place , as Polish troops refused to lay down their arms -LRB- most notably , in Tyniec , CzÄ stochowa and KrakÃ w -RRB- .
Template usage -- add to the end of the article .
The capital of the county is Pakdasht .
In February 2009 , Fantasy Sports Ventures bought part of Sports Reference , the parent company of Baseball-Reference , for a `` low seven-figure sum '' .
However , the term is also used to describe all high-fashion custom-fitted clothing in other ` fashion capitals ' such as Milan , London , New York , Tokyo and Madrid .
Freak the Mighty is a young adult fiction novel by Rodman Philbrick .
As the universe expands , the energy density of the electromagnetic radiation decreases more quickly than does that of matter , since the energy of a photon decreases with its wavelength .
La Chapelle-Th Ã mer is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Her father king Frederik IX died in 1972 , and Queen Margrethe II became the first female Danish Sovereign .
It was subdivided into 20 shillings , each of 12 pence .
In fact , Rotkiewicz showed in 1964 that the product of any number of prime or composite Fermat numbers will be a Fermat pseudoprime to base 2 .
Aoede is about 4 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,044,000 km in 714.657 days , at an inclination of 160 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 162 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.6012 .
AfumaÅ # i is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,320 people .
In 1976 , he obtained his PhD with a thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People , which was still a controversial topic at that time .
In retaliation , Michaels slapped Flair in the face , which caused him to start bleeding from the mouth .
The matter was raised in a campaign debate by moderator George Stephanopoulos , and later became an issue for the John McCain presidential campaign .
The California gold rush led directly to the settlement of California by Americans and the rapid entry of that state into the union in 1850 . The gold rush in 1849 stimulated worldwide interest in prospecting for gold , and led to new rushes in Australia , South Africa , Wales and Scotland .
Alto ParaÃ so de GoiÃ s -LRB- usually just Alto ParaÃ so -RRB- is a small town and a municipality in GoiÃ s state , Brazil .
It told the story of Danny Tanner -LRB- Bob Saget -RRB- , a man whose wife has died and is left alone with his three daughters , DJ -LRB- Candace Cameron -RRB- , Stephanie -LRB- Jodie Sweetin -RRB- , and Michelle -LRB- Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen -RRB- . He recruits his best friend , Joey Gladstone -LRB- Dave Coulier -RRB- , a child-like stand-up comedian , and his brother-in-law -LRB- and the girls ' uncle -RRB- Jesse Katsopolis -LRB- John Stamos -RRB- , a struggling musican , to move in and help look after the girls .
In his Logical Investigations , Husserl mentions Frege only twice , once in a footnote to point out that he had retracted three pages of his criticism of Frege 's The Foundations of Arithmetic , and again to question Frege 's use of the word Bedeutung to designate `` reference '' rather than `` meaning '' -LRB- sense -RRB- .
Near the end of the 7th century , the coin became an Islamic currency . It had the name of the sovereign and a religious verse on it .
Tales of Symphonia is a video game first released for the Nintendo GameCube and later for the PlayStation 2 in Japan .
Bank notes are available in nominal values of 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , 500 and 1000 rupees .
The STATT party is a minor political party , which was founded in 1993 .
The burin gives us a line that is unique because of its steady appearance and smooth edges .
Gudo is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In the year 1864 in an attempt to make the British gold sovereign become the ` imperial coin ' , the treasuries in Bombay and Calcutta were instructed to receive gold sovereigns .
Follies are found worldwide , but they are particularly abundant in Great Britain .
RÃ signy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It was described by the BBC 's Richard Dimbleby , who accompanied the British troops :
Breasta is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,835 people .
Attie became a supervising producer .
Historically Silverstone has suffered traffic congestion on race days .
Bunk beds are often used in children 's rooms .
Holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the Aruban bar and night club Carlos ` n Charlie 's around 1:30 a.m. on Monday , May 30 .
In 1981 , the NHL changed the format of awarding the trophy , instead giving it to the goaltender deemed best in the league based on a poll of NHL general managers .
Î '' Î , staphylÄ `` , `` bunch of grapes '' and Î Ï Î Î Î Ï , kÃ kkos , `` granule '' -RRB- is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria .
Then the Tyrannosaurus collapses from hunger .
Lu has written that he had a mystical experience in 1969 . This lead him to seek out a total of twenty-one human gurus in Taoism , Sutra , and Tantra .
Although never Emperor , Henry I the Fowler , Duke of Saxony , was arguably the founder of this imperial dynasty , since his election as German king made it possible for his son , Otto the Great to take on the imperium .
The cause of this seismic activity is believed to be the upwelling of magma because the area is not close to any faults or tectonic plate boundaries .
Hitoshi Sogahata -LRB- born 2 August 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kashima Antlers .
The Rover 75 is an executive car produced initially by the Rover Group at Cowley , Oxfordshire , UK , and later by MG Rover at their Longbridge site in Birmingham , UK .
The municipality covers an area of 3,219.7 kmÂ and is located on the international border between Mexico and the USA , here formed by the RÃ o Bravo del Norte -LRB- Rio Grande -RRB- , adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas .
Primeval redwood forests , coastal mangrove stands , sphagnum bogs , desert soil crusts , roadside weed patches , wheat fields , cultivated gardens and lawns ; all are meant by the term vegetation .
Contrary to popular belief , some ant nests have multiple queens while others can exist without queens .
Warren G -LRB- born Warren Griffin III , November 10 , 1970 -RRB- , is an American West Coast rapper and hip hop producer .
Weekly series production was the workhorse of the company .
Released in 2002 , it is the first game in the Ratchet & Clank series .
994 people were living in Neva as of 2000 .
It consisted of a group of islands lying in a shallow lagoon called the Bight of Acklins , of which the largest are Crooked Island in the north and Acklins in the south-east , and the smaller are Long Cay -LRB- once known as Fortune Island -RRB- in the north-west , and Castle Island in the south .
Writing history was popular among Christian monks and clergy in the Middle Ages .
The galactic center harbors a compact object of very large mass as determined by the motion of material around the center .
Jamestown was the first permanent English settlement in what would become the United States . The town was built on Jamestown Island along the James River .
Although the benefits of preventing suffering and death from serious infectious diseases greatly outweigh the risks of rare adverse effects following immunization , disputes have arisen over the morality , ethics , effectiveness , and safety of vaccination . Some vaccination critics say that vaccines are ineffective against disease or that vaccine safety studies are inadequate .
The late florescence of the northern Maya has been sometimes called the `` New Empire '' in the early 20th century , but this term is no longer considered appropriate and is no longer used .
Hugh Jackman -LRB- born October 12 , 1968 -RRB- is an actor .
In the time after that , Pavia was an important and busy town .
The main voluntary ambulance providers are the British Red Cross and St John Ambulance in England\/Wales , Northern Ireland & The Islands , and St Andrew 's Ambulance Association in Scotland . The Order of Malta Ambulance Corps .
Horatio was a lawyer in Chicago Spafford died on October 16 , 1888 , of malaria . He was buried there in Jerusalem .
A seneschal -LRB- Ë sÉ nÉ Ê É l -RRB- was an officer in the houses of important nobles in the Middle Ages .
This put an end to the hopes the season would start and also put the future of the series in doubt .
In geometry , a hypotenuse is the longest side of a right-angled triangle , the side opposite the right angle .
The boiling point of a liquid also depends on the pressure of the surrounding air . An increase in air pressure increases the boiling point ; a decrease decreases the boiling point .
In captivity he continued to work as a medic and `` got quite friendly with some Russians , mostly doctors . ''
The overture utilizes counterpoint to reinforce the appearance of the leitmotif that represents the Russian forces throughout the song .
Retrotransposons behave very similarly to retroviruses , such as HIV .
Obstetric sonography is the name for a number of tests done during the pregnancy of a woman .
Finland is known as The Land of the Thousand Lakes -LRB- there are 187,888 lakes in Finland , of which 60,000 are large -RRB- .
The term was coined by merging the name for the two orders , Cetacea and Artiodactyla , into a single word .
Usually , the shoulder rest attaches to the edge of the back of the violin with `` feet '' padded with rubber tubing or made of soft plastic .
Glendale is a city in Maricopa County , Arizona , USA . It is located about nine miles -LRB- 14 km -RRB- northwest from Downtown Phoenix .
where lambda -LRB- Î '' -RRB- is the elastic modulus ; stress is the restoring force caused due to the deformation divided by the area to which the force is applied ; and strain is the ratio of the change caused by the stress to the original state of the object .
Skype has an encryption system for security .
Graham went on to note that although he had never met Kim 's son and current North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il , he had `` exchanged gifts with him . ''
Brown had considered requesting a re-count due to the closeness of the vote , but decided that he had not been close enough to warrant it .
It was released on 29 June 2010 in USA .
A documentary was presented about the Leonese language called Asina falamos -LRB- We speak in this way -RRB- and a theatrical play Fuei a corteixar a Robles -LRB- He went to court to Robles -RRB- , with traditional Leonese music .
The Alaskan Malamute is a generally large , wolf-like breed of domestic dog -LRB- Canis lupus familiaris -RRB- originally bred for use as an Alaskan sled dog .
The bunker walls were 1.5 metres thick and it was almost bomb proof .
Although weight training is similar to bodybuilding , they have different objectives .
An abstraction can be seen as a process of mapping multiple different pieces of constituent data to a single piece of abstract data based on similarities in the constituent data , for example many different physical cats map to the abstraction `` CAT '' .
She is the first woman ever selected for this position .
The threshold for inclusion in Wikipedia is verifiability , not truth .
The Mercalli intensity scale -LRB- or more precisely the Modified Mercalli intensity scale -RRB- is a scale to measure the intensity of earthquakes . Unlike with the Richter scale , the Mercalli scale does not take into account energy of an earthquake directly .
The main match on the Raw brand was Triple H versus Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship , which Batista won by pinfall after executing a Batista Bomb .
Together with the ratites , they make up Palaeognathae -LRB- `` old jaws '' -RRB- , while all other living birds are members of Neognathae -LRB- `` new jaws '' -RRB- .
There are many numbers of baobab trees in this area , near the northern end of Kruger National Park .
The semifinals witness Djokovic taking out Federer in straight sets while Murray overcame Ferrer the next night in four sets .
The characters and motifs of fairy tales are simple : princesses and girls taking care of geese ; youngest sons and brave princes ; ogres , giants , dragons , and trolls ; wicked stepmothers and false heroes ; fairy godmothers and other magic helpers , often talking horses , or foxes , or birds ; rules , and people breaking rules .
The Kelvin and Rankine temperature scales are defined so that absolute zero is 0 kelvins -LRB- K -RRB- or 0 degrees Rankine -LRB- Â R -RRB- .
Cherryade was first produced in the 19th century , along with other beverages such as limeade and ginger beer , which had come about due to the popularity of lemonade .
The federal government of the United States has three branches of government ; the legislature , executive , and judiciary .
The Kara Sea is roughly 1,450 kilometres long and 970 kilometres wide with an area of around 880,000 kmÂ and a mean depth of 110 m.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy , the thirty-fifth President of the United States , was assassinated at 12:30 p.m. Central Standard Time -LRB- 18:30 UTC -RRB- on Friday , November 22 , 1963 , in Dealey Plaza , Dallas , Texas .
Heidi was born in Crested Butte , Colorado on September 15 , 1986 .
The authorities initially rejected the proposal by casting doubts over functionality and concerns about the high installation costs , but made an about-turn when the government announced plans to install half-height automatic platform gates in a speech on 25 January 2008 , citing lower costs due to it becoming a more common feature worldwide .
The first reading room was the Queen 's Reading Room -LRB- now Queen 's Hall -RRB- , which opened in 1859 .
Frye spent most of his political career as a legislator , serving in the Maine House of Representatives and U.S. House of Representatives before being elected to the U.S. Senate , where he served for 30 years and died in office .
Yet another Disney film label was started in 1990 , Hollywood Pictures , with the release of Arachnophobia .
The last movement is like a fight between discord and traditional tonal music .
After the name of the city was formally changed from Bombay to Mumbai , this was also reflected with the adjustment to Brihanmumbai , which means `` Greater Mumbai '' .
Optional subsequent parameters -LRB- up to 4 -RRB- are additional search terms .
The word fortification can also refer to the practice of improving an area 's defense with defensive works .
From 1903 to 1910 he was professor of zoology and geology at Victoria College , Stellenbosch , South Africa , and subsequently he became keeper of vertebrate paleontology at the South African Museum , Cape Town .
Later , he released Guetta Blaster -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Pop Life -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
During the 1970s , Perry released numerous recordings on a variety of record labels that he controlled , and many of his songs were popular in both Jamaica and the UK .
Bar-sur-Aube is a commune of France in the Aube department , of which it is a sub-prefecture .
Based on carbon dating of plant material recovered from sediment deposited by the tsunami , the latest incident occurred around 6100 BC .
This is the standard infobox for an entry in the Eurovision Song Contest and uses the ' template .
The railway line connects Kota Kinabalu with Tenom and several other towns in between , and it is the only railway system operating in East Malaysia .
Extensive correspondence exists between MÃ 1\/4 ller and Darwin , and MÃ 1\/4 ller also corresponded with Hermann MÃ 1\/4 ller , Alexander Agassiz , Ernst Krause and Ernst Haeckel .
Bacteroides species are non-endospore-forming , anaerobes , and may be either motile or non-motile , depending on the species .
Harihara I was succeeded by Bukka I who emerged as the most distinguished amongst the five rulers -LRB- Panchasangamas -RRB- of the Sangama dynasty .
One of the three Hessian state museums , Museum Wiesbaden is located in Wiesbaden .
Travelcards entitle the holder to a 33 % discount on scheduled London River Services .
Lene Alexandra Ã ien -LRB- born October 29 , 1981 in TrÃ gstad , Norway -RRB- is a Norwegian singer , and former model for FHM magazine , as well a former Norwegian lad 's mags Lek and Cats model .
Manganese tetrafluoride , MnF4 , is the highest fluoride of manganese .
After his time with Quebec was not successful , Plante played goal for the Edmonton Oilers in 1974 â `` 75 .
The Ten is a 2007 American comedy film , directed by David Wain and cowritten by Wain and Ken Marino , released through ThinkFilm .
The attack is well-known and famous for requiring only a handful of known plaintexts to perform ; previous methods of cryptanalysis , such as linear and differential cryptanalysis , often require unrealistically large numbers of known or chosen plaintexts , which make them impossible to realize .
To compute , for example , locate x on the D scale and read its square on the A scale .
These isocyanates are precursors to polyurethanes .
Both Michael Servetus and Emanuel Swedenborg have been interpreted as being proponents of Modalism .
In one of IGN 's 2007 `` Hero Showdowns '' , Link was voted the favorite over Cloud Strife .
Thick smoke and dust filled the room from the shooting , so the gunmen left the room for a few minutes .
These are commonly referred to as a year or leavers ' jumpers .
In 539 BC , the Neo-Babylonian Empire fell to Cyrus the Great , king of Persia , in the famous Battle of Opis .
Brownsville is located at .
The Mediterranean climate is usually hot and dry in summer , and is cool and wet in winter .
In solid mechanics , torsion is the twisting of an object that is result of an applied torque .
The `` edge '' of the outflow boundary can often be detected by weather radar .
Hydrobromic acid has commonly been prepared industrially by reacting bromine with either sulfur or phosphorus and water .
Alessandro 's older brother , Stefano , briefly played professional football for Sampdoria before injury struck him .
Additive mixing of red and green light produces shades of yellow , orange , or brown .
It is the county seat of Okeechobee County , Florida .
Captive breeding is difficult , partly because of the relatively infrequent breeding cycle .
Mirpur Khas -LRB- Sindhi : Ù
During the Napoleonic Wars , the earl 's art collection was inherited by the Wittelsbach family and moved to Munich , prompting the Prussian governmentâ '' who had annexed the DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf region after Napoleon had surrenderedâ '' to change it into a Royal Arts Academy in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , in 1819 .
Staff from the World Bank monitored the use of the funds , ensuring that the French government would present a balanced budget and give priority of debt repayment to the World Bank over other governments .
The overall storyline is how Geno and Gurri learn the pleasures as well as downsides of nature and their forest home .
Kansas City is situated near `` Tornado Alley '' , a region where cold air from the Rocky Mountains and Canada meets warm air from the Gulf of Mexico . This situation causes the formation of powerful storms .
Demand was high for the game and over 1.5 million copies were sold on pre-orders alone . It was the highest earning entertainment product launch of all time in the US , earning $ 125 million dollars in its first 24 hours .
Monroe returned to Nevada and completed the film , but she became hostile towards Arthur Miller , and public arguments were reported by the press .
A mistress is a man 's long-term female lover and companion who is not married to him , especially used when the man is married to another woman .
Recorded and released in 1971 , the album tended toward songs that were gentler , more commercial and less avant-garde than those on his critically acclaimed previous album , John Lennon\/Plastic Ono Band .
Oftringen is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A second force , under Avidius Cassius and the III Gallica , moved down the Euphrates , and fought a major battle at Dura .
Hornaday wrote that although the final five minutes succumbed to `` oversweet sentiment '' , viewers would remember the film 's `` warmth and respect with which it pays homage to first love '' .
Meowth appears as a wild PokÃ mon in many versions of the games .
The name of his program was called Piper 's Tune .
The lowest possible energy for the particle -LRB- its zero-point energy -RRB- is found in state 1 -LRB- when -RRB- , which is given by
The equals sign is placed between the things stated to be exactly equal or the same .
Entertainment , a subsidiary of Time Warner , majority owner of The WB .
Designers seek to imitate the flapping-wing flight of birds , bats , and insects .
The Carnac stones are an exceptionally dense collection of megalithic sites around the French village of Carnac , in Brittany , consisting of alignments , dolmens , tumuli and single menhirs .
Organic compounds may be classified in a variety of ways . One major distinction is between natural and synthetic compounds .
The NME described the resulting sound as `` an ear-splitting sonic stew '' .
Downham is a district occupying much of the boundary between the London Borough of Lewisham and the London Borough of Bromley ; it is the name of an electoral ward covering much of the area on the Lewisham side .
Similarly , an `` umbrella group '' can be an organization which is a central and co-ordinating body representing a number of smaller , separate bodies .
They met up with each other again on a road safety committee and became working allies to extend speed restrictions and improve road markings ; cat 's eyes were perhaps the most significant fruit of their labors .
The bridge carries part of the A3 road , which is maintained by the Greater London Authority ; the bridge itself is owned and maintained by a charity overseen by the City of London Corporation .
Microsoft Outlook is a personal information manager from Microsoft , available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite . The current version is Microsoft Outlook 2010 for Windows and 2011 for Mac .
Salt Lick is a city in Bath County , Kentucky , United States .
Geneva is also connected to the motorway systems of both Switzerland -LRB- A1 motorway -RRB- and France .
Eschelbronn was already mentioned in the year 788\/789 in a deed of donation from the monastery of Lorsch .
Eliza Patricia Dushku -LRB- ; born December 30 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actress best known for her television roles , including her recurring appearances as Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spinoff series Angel .
It was the first National Park in Wales and it was made in 1951 .
From 1984 until 1990 , Misawa wrestled as the second generation Tiger Mask , as All Japan Pro Wrestling had purchased the rights of the Tiger Mask gimmick from New Japan Pro Wrestling .
Some songs include a slash character in the title .
Not all musical instruments give notes of a particular pitch .
The Tang Chang ` an was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi ` an .
There are two million believers of Tenrikyo in Japan and around the world .
A bluestone lighthouse was built in 1849-50 to replace the wooden one .
Free gifts and information are also given from here .
The main three gods were Tinia , Uni and Menrva .
After a version of a software package has remained in unstable for a certain length of time -LRB- depending on how urgent the changes are -RRB- , that package is automatically moved to the testing distribution .
He returned to the army at Valley Forge in May 1778 to the applause of men who had served under him at Saratoga .
Like a pidgin , it focuses on simple concepts and elements that are relatively universal among cultures .
The cost of a data loss event is directly related to the value of the data and the length of time that it is needed , but unavailable .
In April 2007 , director Chris Columbus was hired to helm the project .
However , Syrians reacted quickly to assimilate fully into their new culture .
In February 1909 , Rasputin sent them a telegram , saying , `` Love the whole of God 's nature , the whole of His creation in particular this earth .
A button company was founded in 1884 by a German immigrant named J.F. Boepple , producing buttons by punching them out of clam shells harvested from the Mississippi River .
Ilmor became the engine partner to McLaren in 1995 .
Here Hovell made a mistake of one degree in calculating his longitude , and they came to the conclusion that they were on Western Port .
The three biggest courts used were the Hisense Arena , the Margaret Court Arena and the Rod Laver Arena .
Å á Î -RRB- -LRB- AÎ ` Ä Ä Ã Ã Ä Î á á á cents á á á á á á á á á á Ç Ç È á 3\/4 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 Ã Ã Ã Ã Ã
UCL is ranked 21st in the world -LRB- and 3rd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 4th in the world -LRB- and 2nd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 QS World University Rankings and 22nd in the world -LRB- and 5th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
Kenta Hoshihara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
In 2008 Laing Rail was sold to Deutsche Bahn .
She showed a great interest in science and visited the astronomer Tycho Brahe .
The Skullcandy company also sponsors professional athletes in snowboarding , skiing , skateboarding , wakeboarding , motocross , and the biking communities .
It is used for furniture , flooring , woodpanelling , veneer , plywood , window frames and general building .
Rising from a lowly page at the court of the House of Stuart , he faithfully served the Duke of York through the 1670s and early 1680s . This gave him military and political advancement through his brave , clever skill .
Toulis-et-Attencourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The location of it was moved to the new wing building of the school in 2005 .
Rick Pitino -LRB- born -RRB- is an American basketball coach . Since 2001 , he has been the head coach at the University of Louisville .
This case is also known as the Wilhelmstrasse Trial , so-named because the German Foreign Office was located at the Wilhelmstrasse in Berlin .
Based on reports from Hurricane Hunters , the National Hurricane Center upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Erin at 1530 UTC on August 15 about 250 miles -LRB- 400 km -RRB- east of Brownsville , Texas .
The song was first introduced by Judy Garland in the 1944 movie , Meet Me In St. Louis .
He is shown digging above ground again , when a second Taylor rises from the hole .
Currently , California , Connecticut , the District of Columbia , Hawaii , Illinois , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont , Washington and Wisconsin have state laws that prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and\/or gender identity .
The Fukushima I nuclear accidents -RRB- genshiryoku hatsudensho jiko -RCB- -RCB- are a series of ongoing equipment failures and releases of radioactive materials at the Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant , following the 2011 TÅ hoku earthquake and tsunami at 14:46 JST on 11 March 2011 .
Since then , the number and types of shops have increased at certain stations , turning them into miniature shopping centres .
Eugenio Montale 's ground-breaking debut collection of poetry Cuttlefish Bones -LRB- Ossi di seppia -RRB- was published in Turin in 1925 .
The 2010 census , there were 17,193 people living within the city limits .
Globalization is about making national borders less important for those who want to buy or sell things around the world . He says that globalization is making `` national economies into one global economy '' because many depend on people from other countries .
The band consists of the brothers JosÃ and David MuÃ oz , who sing differents sounds reflecting many genres , including rock , rumba and flamenco .
In 2005 , Paste was listed at # 21 on The Chicago Tribune 's list of `` 50 Best Magazines '' . Paste appeared on that newspaper 's list again in 2007 .
But mask of life that was stored inside Mata Nui was sent out to space to find a new planet .
In addition there are make-shift solutions .
The men 's singles final was initially going to be played on September 12 , but due to rain the final was postponed till the following day .
Nolina , Beaucarnea , and Dasylirion are sometimes recognized as Nolinaceae or placed in Ruscaceae .
Scarlino borders the following municipalities : Castiglione della Pescaia , Follonica , Gavorrano , Massa Marittima .
-LRB- i.e. , links to Special : Whatlinkshere\/Template : fact . -RRB-
The British Rail Class EB1 -LRB- Electric Banking 1 -RRB- was an electrically powered locomotive used by British Rail in England .
There are 201 communes in the Haute-Vienne dÃ partement , in France .
The mathematician Doron Zeilberger has even gone so far as to claim that these are possibly the only nontrivial results that mathematicians have ever proved .
In 1972 , Hamilton Traub created the family Hesperocallidaceae with Hesperocallis as the sole included genus .
In June 1909 , Laemmle started the Yankee Film Company with partners Abe and Julius Stern .
They start feeding on its carcass .
The Magnificent Hotel and Its Rich Adornments Now a Smoldering heap of Ashes .
Monty Python , also known as The Pythons , is a group of British actors who have acted in several comedy movies -LRB- most famously , Monty Python and the Holy Grail -RRB- and had a television show , Monty Python 's Flying Circus which was originally between 1969 and 1974 , and is still well-known and watched around the world .
Its status as a sea of hydrocarbons was identified by radar imagery .
PlombiÃ res 60 .
The Civil Polices are agencies of the public administration of the federative units of Brazil , whose function is , in accordance with article 144 of the Federal Constitution of 1988 , the exercise of the public security for the preservation of the public order , of the safety of the people and the patrimony .
Mime answers : Nothung .
Carnegie Hall is a concert hall in New York .
The interest of the marquis Palombara for alchemy was born probably on his attendance since 1656 , the roman court of queen Christina of Sweden , at Riario palace -LRB- today Palazzo Corsini -RRB- on the slopes of the Gianicolo hill .
He is the heir to the Osborne baronetcy -LRB- of Ballentaylor , in County Tipperary , and Ballylemon , in County Waterford -RRB- .
This can compound the autoblock problem , particularly when they are also shared , because a block targeted at a malicious user may shift to a legitimate user while the target shifts to an unblocked IP address .
Although considered a separate ethnicity from both whites and blacks , many Dominickers married into local white families , so that group boundaries blurred ; some descendants still live in the area .
Namli Maira is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in NWFP North West Frontier Provience , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
A surgeon called Frederick Treves came to see Merrick and took photographs of him . Soon afterwards , Merrick 's shop was closed by the police and he went to Belgium .
Asheville is a city in and the county seat of Buncombe County , North Carolina , United States .
By contrast , the mechanics were unable to make the clutch and gearbox on Chandhok 's car work , and he did not complete any laps on Friday .
It is perhaps the existence of this color that led people to believe that beige is a light brown color instead of the pale cream shown in the color box at the beginning of this article . The first recorded use of French beige as a color name in English was in 1927 .
When milk is warmed , it turns sour .
All these changes allow Internet Explorer 8 to pass the Acid2 test .
Fulacunda is a town located in the Quinara Region of Guinea-Bissau .
A complete re-make of the original arcade game on the Game Boy , named Donkey Kong or Donkey Kong '94 contained levels from both the original Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Jr arcades .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
The charity event Rally for Relief was also broadcast live on australianopen.com and Australian network channel seven .
A. afarensis was slenderly built , like the younger Australopithecus africanus .
Negative numbers are left of zero on a number line .
Thus one trial may work to dissuade a bird from several species of butterfly which all fly the same ` flag ' .
In baseball , a stolen base is when a baserunner advances to the next base while the pitcher is throwing the ball to home plate .
In other states , it is known as the Special Management Unit -LRB- SMU -RRB- , pronounced \/ Ë smuË \/ .
In 1996 , Dolly the sheep was born -- the first cloned mammal .
Starlings occur naturally in the Old World , from Europe , Asia and Africa , to northern Australia and the islands of the tropical Pacific .
â I said I wanted to become a member of the CDU '' , explaining that his father was a Conservative , although none of his parents were involved in party politics .
It is known as The Crossroads of Ayrshire .
It was named in October 2002 after Jocasta , the mother\/wife of Oedipus in Greek mythology .
Berlin returned to Olympic bidding in 1931 when it beat Barcelona , Spain for the right to host the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Carrefour Bairro , Carrefour Express , Carrefour Market -LRB- Formerly Champion as of 2008 -RRB- , Champion Mapinomovaoe , Globi , GB , GS , Carrefour mini , Gima .
He currently plays for Muangthong United F.C. in the Thai Premier League . He also plays in the Thailand national football team .
The aim of Royal Canadian Air Cadets is to : develop in youth the attributes of good citizenship and leadership ; promote physical fitness ; and stimulate the interest of youth in the sea , land , and air activities of the Canadian Forces .
In 1951 , the United Nations relocated from its first headquarters in Queens , to the East Side of Manhattan .
At Survivor Series 2001 , the title was unified with the WWF Intercontinental Championship .
Amati is the name of a family of Italian violin makers . Between about 1549 to 1740 they made some of the most wonderful violins that were ever produced .
One Hot Minute is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released on September 12 , 1995 , on Warner Bros. .
Mallow -LRB- , from Magh nAla , plain of the rocks -RRB- is the `` Crossroads of Munster '' and the administrative capital of north County Cork , in Ireland .
The `` Angels '' name is from the city that they came from : Los Angeles .
In 1920 the school joined the Southern Association of Colleges . In 1927 it added its pharmacy school .
The last number can usually be changed from `` 0 '' to `` 1 '' to get the postcode for General Post Office boxes in any capital city -LRB- though Perth now uses a different range of postcodes for its GPO Boxes -RRB- :
The IOC will allow 3,500 athletes and 875 officials to take part at the Summer Youth Games . 970 athletes and 580 officials will take part at the Winter Youth Games .
In addition to removing the uneven nature of the Tekken 4 styled stages , the design team returned to the style of stages from previous games by having some stages without barriers by allowing them to be infinitely scrolling . For walled stages , the fights take place in fairly symmetrical boxes without any uneven walls -LRB- again , removing a feature introduced in Tekken 4 -RRB- .
Jenny Amanda Katarina Jenssen -LRB- born Bengtsson , 12 September 1988 in Lund , Sweden -RRB- is a Swedish singer and Idol 2007 runner-up .
The strongest hurricane in the season was Hurricane Juliette , which reached peak winds of 150 mph -LRB- 240 km\/h -RRB- , but did not significantly affect land .
They were designed for hauling heavy freight and designated JT26CW-SS .
It is bounded to the west by the River Gannel and its associated salt marsh , and in the east by the Porth Valley .
The first woman to be admitted to the Order was HH Nawab Sikandar Begum Sahiba , Nawab Begum of Bhopal ; she was created a Knight Companion at the Order 's foundation in 1861 .
Oats are also an ingredient in many cold cereals , in particular muesli and granola .
Specifically , the Cucurbitaceae are responsible for some food species , such as squash , pumpkin -LRB- both from Cucurbita -RRB- , watermelon -LRB- Citrullus vulgaris -RRB- and other melons , and cucumber -LRB- Cucumis -RRB- .
Changing and short lines used letter suffixes .
Marco Bode -LRB- born 23 July 1969 in Osterode am Harz -RRB- is a former German footballer .
John Michael Wright , who at the height of his career would interchangeably sign himself `` Anglus '' or `` Scotus '' , is of uncertain origin .
City of Derry Airport , 25 m to the west , Belfast International Airport , the main regional airport to the south and George Best Belfast City Airport to the southâ `` east are all relatively accessible from Coleraine .
`` La Marseillaise '' -LRB- `` The Marseille -LRB- Song -RRB- '' ; -RRB- is the national anthem of France .
In these materials , the decay product 40Ar is able to escape the liquid -LRB- molten -RRB- rock , but starts to accumulate when the rock solidifies -LRB- recrystallises -RRB- .
Bol died on June 19 , 2010 due to acute kidney failure and complications from Stevensâ `` Johnson syndrome .
Most Christians -LRB- Roman Catholics , Protestants , and so on -RRB- accept the use of creeds , and often use at least one of the creeds given above .
Henderson 's Boys is a series of young adult spy books . It is written by English author Robert Muchamore .
Their ancestor Bess of Hardwick had taken one of her four husbands , the Earl of Shrewsbury , to `` take the waters '' at Buxton shortly after he became the gaoler of Mary , Queen of Scots , in 1569 , and they took Mary there in 1573 â '' she called Buxton `` La Fontagne de Bogsby '' , but stayed at the site of the Old Hall Hotel .
If you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see this help page .
Lichenometry is based on the assumption that the largest lichen growing on a rock is the oldest individual .
The Russians are thought to have begun logging the old-growth forests directly above the coastal prairie in the early 19th century .
With good range -LRB- up to 200 m indoors and 6 km using directional antennae outdoors -RRB- , dedicated spectrum , high interference immunity , open interoperability and data speeds of around 500 kbit\/s , DECT appeared at one time to be a superior alternative to Wi-Fi .
Bloomington is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Vouvant is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Weston-super-Mare , with a population of 71,758 , is the most populous civil parish .
While some Hmong returned to their villages and attempted to resume life under the new regime , thousands more made the trek across the Mekong River into Thailand , often under attack . This marked the beginning of a mass exodus of Hmong from Laos .
The Croatian Wikipedia is the Croatian language edition of Wikipedia .
The Blue Nile flows about 1,400 kilometers to Khartoum , where the Blue Nile and White Nile join to form the Nile .
The first major time travel novel was Mark Twain 's A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court .
Kenta Shimaoka -LRB- born 26 July 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Guilherand-Granges is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .
Larry Holmes -LRB- born November 3 , 1949 -RRB- is a former professional boxer .
The majority of the Yorkshire Dales and all of the North York Moors lie within North Yorkshire 's boundaries , and around 40 % of the county is covered by National Parks .
GlobalBlocking is a MediaWiki extension available to stewards to prevent cross-wiki disruption from an IP address or a range of IP addresses .
The album debuted at number fifty on the Billboard 200 for amassing sales of 61,000 copies .
There are six main types of bridges : beam bridges , cantilever bridges , arch bridges , suspension bridges , cable-stayed bridges and truss bridges .
Typha is a genus of plants .
At the start of second half of the season , there was minor shake-up in pre-qualifying .
The Splicers kill all hands aboard the submarine and take control of it .
It allows filmmakers to re-photograph one or more strips of movie .
After Yanikian 's death , District Attorney David D. Minner wrote : `` Looking back , I regret that I did not allow the genocide to be proven .
Although handmade posters existed before , they were mainly used for government announcements .
The 2011 ATP World Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments -LRB- supervised by the International Tennis Federation -LRB- ITF -RRB- -RRB- , the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 , the ATP World Tour 500 series , the ATP World Tour 250 series , the ATP World Team Championship , the Davis Cup -LRB- organized by the ITF -RRB- , and the ATP World Tour Finals .
He aided the escape of Youssouff , pursued by the soldiers of the Bey , of whom he was one of the officers , for violation of the seraglio law .
Tsuburaya Productions insisted and maintained that the contract was a forgery -LRB- due to factual errors , including the faulty titles of the series in the document , such as Ultra Q being called `` Ultraman 1 : Ultra Q , '' Ultra Seven being called `` Ultraman 3 : Ultraman Seven , '' and Tsuburaya Productions being called `` Tsuburaya Prod .
This is because abstract concepts cause greater brain activity in the inferior frontal gyrus and middle temporal gyrus , compared to concrete concepts when concrete concepts cause greater activity in the posterior cingulate , precuneus , fusiform gyrus , and parahippocampal gyrus .
When the Order was established in 1861 , there was only one class of Knights Companions , who bore the postnominals KSI .
In the next two U.S. Opens , in 1970 and 1971 , she placed 4th and 3rd , respectively .
Millersburg is a city in Iowa County , Iowa , United States .
Wilhelm Roux -LRB- 9 June 1850 -- 15 September 1924 -RRB- was a German zoologist and pioneer of experimental embryology .
The latest version of Mac OS is Mac OS X 10.6.6 .
Takamichi Seki -LRB- born 16 January 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The Komodo National Park is a national park in Indonesia located within the Lesser Sunda Islands in the border region between the provinces of East Nusa Tenggara and West Nusa Tenggara .
Instances should generally use the code so as to allow them to be forced to display as though they were in a particular namespace .
For example , a sky-diving club near Vancouver , Canada , holds a Cinco de Mayo skydiving event .
Muslims also believe that Muhammad was the last of many prophets from God .
Levon Mkrtchyan continues his contribution to the Armenian people by making more documentaries about the well known Armenians .1993 The Armenian Kingdom of Kilikia Footage includes the President of France - Francois Mitterand The President of Armenia - Levon Ter-Petrosyan .
Upon the closing out of Belgian and British army facilities many of these military facilities either became used for civilian purposes or were abandoned or demolished .
National ministries vary greatly between countries , but some common ones include Ministry of Defense , Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Ministry of Finance , and Ministry of Health .
Rise Against is an American punk rock band from Chicago , Illinois . Rise Against formed in 1999 .
Rider King Strong -LRB- born December 11 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actor , director , producer and screenwriter .
Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms .
This is the or image message box meta-template .
He is found in 1 Samuel .
Edmund persuades Peter to battle with the Witch .
On balance , it would be preferable to merely accept , at some level , the actions of other users , and let go of any resentments , anger , or stress .
The ohm -LRB- symbol : Î -RRB- is the SI unit of electrical resistance , named after Georg Simon Ohm .
In the Book of Jubilees , it is mentioned as being part of the border , beginning with its easternmost point up to its mouth , between the allotment of Japheth to the north and that of Shem to the south , sons of Noah .
WrestleMania XXVII was the twenty-seventh yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event made by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- . It took place at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta , Georgia .
Some of this land , which now wraps around Downtown Omaha , was later used to entice Nebraska Territorial legislators to an area called Scriptown . The Territorial capitol was located in Omaha , but when Nebraska became a state in 1867 , the capital was relocated to Lincoln , 53 miles south-west of Omaha .
He was the pastor of the Thomas Road Baptist Church , a megachurch in Lynchburg , Virginia .
The areas without seating in each corner have moveable louvres to allow for the ventilation of the pitch .
They only received two years of education in arithmetic and geometry before Dalton was forced to retire because of a stroke .
In 2007 she appeared as the main character , Fanny Price , in an adaptation of Jane Austen 's novel Mansfield Park , screened on ITV1 .
As the granddaughter of the Sovereign through the male line , she was a Princess of the United Kingdom and a Royal Highness .
A music video was released on the same day .
It was built for the main purpose of transporting commodities from the interior to the port in Kota Kinabalu during the British occupation .
The group have also performed at various charity projects , such as Band Aid 20 , Live 8 , Sound Relief , Hope for Haiti Now : A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief , and the Teenage Cancer Trust .
Kolkoutines paintings are both simple and complicated it is said .
Bracknell is a town in Berkshire , England .
The Bald Eagle is the national bird of the United States .
Edinburgh has a very large festival every year , where thousands of performers come to put on shows . The Edinburgh International Festival takes place in August and September .
When they return to camp , the Fleece is put on the tree , reviving both it and Thalia .
The following teams and drivers competed in the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship .
The prize is 1,100 EUR .
The Grand Council of the Iroquois League is an assembly of 50 Hoyenah -LRB- chiefs -RRB- or Sachems , a number that has never changed .
In 2006 there were about 116 people living in and around Peechelba .
Hall County is named after him .
Robinson did not want to testify , but he eventually agreed to do so . He was afraid it might affect his career if he did not testify .
Most people use USB for computer mice , keyboards , scanners , printers , digital cameras , and USB flash drives .
The bridge carries the M4 motorway and is one of the main routes into South Wales . It was opened on 5 June 1996 to provide more traffic capacity than the original Severn Bridge , which opened in 1966 .
Growing moss from spores is even less controlled . Moss spores fall in a constant rain on exposed surfaces ; those surfaces which are hospitable to a certain species of moss will typically be colonised by that moss within a few years of exposure to wind and rain .
The Tour of Britain is a cycle race , conducted over several stages , in which participants race from place to place across parts of Great Britain .
In May of 2009 , the Coyotes filed for bankruptcy protection .
The template can search on any set of archive pages that follows the right naming structure -LRB- many if not most archives on Wikipedia do -RRB- .
Knowing the details , about specific quirks , can help avoid the stress or frustrations in the future .
The earliest examples of the word in print was in a 1919 issue of Smith 's Weekly where it was called an `` infernal didjerry '' which `` produced but one sound - -LRB- which sounded like -RRB- didjerry , didjerry , didjerry and so on ad infinitum '' . It was also used the 1919 Australian National Dictionary , The Bulletin in 1924 and the writings of Herbert Basedow in 1926 .
Many piano pieces have been written in F-sharp minor .
The choice of contraception and whether or not it is available varies by country . One quarter of women aged 16 â `` 49 in United Kingdom were using the Pill as at 2006 -LRB- combined pill or progestogen only pill -LRB- `` minipill '' -RRB- -RRB- , compared to only 1 % of women in Japan .
The choice of words in the 1500 word list depends to a degree on what is to be communicated .
In domestic installations , potable water heated for uses other than space heating is sometimes known as domestic hot water -LRB- DHW -RRB- .
Though many Protestant church leaders in Germany supported the Nazis ' growing anti-Jewish activities , some , such as Dietrich Bonhoeffer -LRB- a Lutheran pastor -RRB- were strongly opposed to the Nazis .
It was first introduced in 1983 in Japan as a sports drink .
According to a Home Political Deposit report , the number was more than 1,000 , with more than 1,200 wounded .
Some used pens on ordinary paper . Others used light beams to expose photosensitive paper .
The repressive or dormant latency stage of psychosexual development comes before the sexually mature genital stage of psychosexual development .
They can be either stationary or portable , can be single or multi-staged , and can be driven by electric motors or internal combustion engines .
However , this only applies to a very small number of exceptionally high-profile projectsâ '' generally , an album should not have an independent article until its title , track listing and release date have all been publicly confirmed by the artist or their record label .
Recipients of the Cadet Forces Service Medal do not earn an entitlement to use post-nominal letters .
This Pakistani `` Gilgit Agency '' was administered directly from Islamabad , separately from the neighbouring state of Azad Kashmir and the princely states of Hunza and Nagar .
He married his colleague Meave Epps in 1970 and they had two daughters , Louise -LRB- born 1972 -RRB- and Samira -LRB- 1974 -RRB- .
Hubble Space Telescope observations of Hektor in 1993 did not show an obvious bioblated shape because of a limited angular resolution .
Kristina Bernadette Cojuangco Aquino -LRB- born February 14 , 1971 -RRB- , commonly known as Kris Aquino , is a Filipino television and movie personality who gained prominence from her talk shows , game shows , and numerous endorsements . She is the youngest daughter of former Philippine senator Benigno Aquino , Jr. and Corazon Cojuangco-Aquino , who served as the 11th President of the Philippines , and sister of Benigno Aquino , III , the current President of the Philippines .
The Bachelor of Arts degree program generally lasts three years in nearly all of the European Union countries .
Rupal Glacier or Tashain Glacier is a glacier in the Great Himalaya subrange of Himalayas .
As the highest peak in Wales , Snowdon is one of three mountains climbed as part of the National Three Peaks Challenge .
The Song of Songs is a book of the Hebrew Bible or Tanakh , and also in the Old Testament of the Christian Bible . It is one of the five megillot -LRB- scrolls -RRB- .
So the true answer is not 1.4 but 14 .
Igbo is considered the correct and preferred spelling by the Igbo people and has been generally used in many different publications . The word now has three uses , to describe indigenous Igbo territory , domestic speakers of the language , and the language spoken by them .
In addition to his solo career , he was a founding member of three bands : The Byrds , Crosby , Stills & Nash -LRB- who are sometimes augmented by Neil Young -RRB- , and CPR .
As James Russell Lowell said , Longfellow had an `` absolute sweetness , simplicity , and modesty '' .
Groove metal is a subgenre of heavy metal .
The Congo flows mostly west from Kisangani just below the falls , then slowly bends southwest , passing by Mbandaka , joining with the Ubangi River , and running into the Pool Malebo -LRB- Stanley Pool -RRB- .
The city got sacked nonetheless , leaving a black mark on Lucius ' reputation .
Gulf County is a county located in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida .
The strongest gust recorded at La Palma was 152 km\/h -LRB- 95 mph -RRB- , and at Tenerife the maximum gust was 147 km\/h -LRB- 90 mph -RRB- .
With the Partition of British India into the independent states of India and Pakistan in 1947 , Lahore Division was divided among the two countries .
A statue was erected to MÃ 1\/4 ller in Blumenau in 1929 .
Spiritually , Mount Athos comes under the direct jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople .
, Uemura Kei born September 24 , 1981 in Kanagawa -RRB- is a Japanese football player who plays for JÃ bilo Iwata on loan from Shonan Bellmare .
After only a few appearances , she joined a stable called The Gathering and was written into angles with the group .
He invented the terms Palaeolithic and Neolithic to denote the Old and New Stone Ages respectively , but more notable was his introduction of a Darwinian view of human nature .
On February 9 , 2011 Skille was traded to the Florida Panthers , along with Hugh Jessiman and David Pacan for Michael Frolik and Alexander Salak .
Camponaraya is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo -LRB- province of LeÃ n , Castile and LeÃ n , Spain -RRB- .
He began his training with the Sokil Kyiv junior hockey affiliate , a team which included fellow future Ukrainian NHLer Nikolai Zherdev .
In physics , angular momentum , moment of momentum , or rotational momentum is a conserved vector quantity that can be used to describe the overall state of a physical system . The angular momentum L of a particle with respect to some point of origin is
Kane relocated to Michigan where he lived with former NHL player , Pat Verbeek , having been convinced to play for the Honeybaked AAA hockey club in Detroit .
The peso oro was introduced in 1937 , although the US dollar continued to be used alongside the peso oro until 1947 .
The word emerald comes from Vulgar Latin . The word was Esmaralda\/Esmaraldus , a different way of saying the Latin word Smaragdus , which came from the Greek , Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï Î Î Î Î Ï -LRB- smaragdos ; `` green gem '' -RRB- .
The riverbanks of the lowlands are home to specific wildlife of their own . The rivers including the Jardine , Jackson , Olive , Holroyd and the Wenlock are rich in fish .
They have their own Guitar Hero video game called Guitar Hero : Aerosmith .
In advance of Hurricane Grace , a tropical storm warning was issued for Bermuda on October 27 .
It is published since 2001 and most of its contributors are Americans living in Mexico or Americans with a second home in Mexico .
McAlester is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Earwax is partly composed of sebum .
Chevrolet Suburban is a fully sized SUV from Chevrolet .
Donaldson won the medal for bravery in Afghanistan in September 2008 . The medal was given to him in a ceremony on January 16 , 2009 .
Swedish and Hessian troops besieged imperial soldiers who entrenched themselves in Rheine .
Tempura is served hot immediately after cooking .
Many of the road passes are well known , such as the Grimsel Pass .
Mechanics is a part of physics .
This category is for the television series based in the Star Trek universe .
In contrast , many weight trainers train to improve their strength and anaerobic endurance while not giving special attention to reducing body fat far below normal .
No opening or closing ceremonies were held ; competitions began on May 14 and ended on October 28 .
The skeletal remains of amniotes can be identified from their Labyrinthodont ancestors by their having at least two pairs of sacral ribs , a sternum in the pectoral girdle -LRB- some amniotes have lost it -RRB- and an astragalus bone in the ankle .
Amtrak trains and Greyhound buses also go to Orlando .
The Sovereign has historically had the power to choose Knights of the Order .
Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists and a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association V Tropical Cyclone Committee meeting .
The Insomniac Museum in both games has the actual layout of the Insomniac Games offices . This is also true for the more recent game Ratchet & Clank Future : A Crack in Time .
They had many of the advantages of later character-based emoticons because they could be used anywhere that you could type text .
Turkmenistan national football team is the national football team of Turkmenistan .
In 1992 Eddie Hazel died from internal bleeding and his liver failed .
Tavaux-et-Ponts Ã ricourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In September , 1814 the British occupied Washington , D.C. and the credit of the government was lowered even further .
In 1567 he founded Fredrikstad in Norway .
On many systems an insulating cover is provided above the third rail to protect employees working near the track ; sometimes the shoe is designed to contact the side -LRB- called side running -RRB- or bottom -LRB- called bottom running -RRB- of the third rail , allowing the protective cover to be mounted directly to its top surface .
At the time , however , the area was not so clearly defined and changed frequently .
By the bid submission deadline of 15 July 2003 , nine cities had submitted bids to host the 2012 Olympics .
It is a fictional boarding school of magic for witches and wizards between the ages of eleven and seventeen .
In Hinduism , the major deity or philosophical belief identifies a denomination , which also typically has distinct cultural and religious practices .
Scuderia Toro Rosso -LRB- Italian for Team Red Bull -RRB- , also known simply as Toro Rosso or by its abbreviation STR , is one of two Formula One teams owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull -LRB- the other is Red Bull Racing -RRB- .
WWE Superstars , is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- that features wrestlers from all WWE 's brands : Raw , SmackDown and , at one time , ECW competing against each other .
Documentation for dynamic navigation boxes .
The 1964 Winter Olympics , officially known as the IX Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Innsbruck , Austria , from January 29 to February 9 , 1964 .
Its closest relative is the Saho language .
A pornographic actor\/actress or a porn star -LRB- usually used in reference to a female actress -RRB- is a person who appears in pornographic films .
Fewer than 200 Jews from the Trochenbrod ghetto and nearby areas lived through this killing .
Lawless was quoted in Newsweek as saying , `` Obviously , I was mortified ... It was quite a bit more exposure than I want . ''
Both films won the Academy Award for Best Picture .
One name from the Central Pacific list was used â `` Nele .
He also wrote frankly about his battles with cocaine addiction .
There can be many causes for insomnia .
Under the privatised railway system in Great Britain , the franchise was operated by NXEC Trains Limited , a subsidiary of National Express Group , who operated the franchise in return for payments being made to the Department for Transport .
It is more common in the elderly .
Lake Annecy -LRB- French Lac d'Annecy -RRB- is a lake in Haute-Savoie in France .
Louis died on April 12 , 1981 .
Although for the rest of his career Heseltine 's role in Thatcher 's downfall earned him enmity from Thatcher 's supporters in the Conservative Party this opprobrium was not universal . In a reference to the reluctance of the Cabinet to support Thatcher on the second ballot Edward Leigh said of Heseltine : `` At least he stabbed her in the front '' .
: i First served by District line -- Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
Template to aid switching the font-size used for a text string .
However , version 5 was the last version for Mac and UNIX .
-LRB- -LRB- HÎ Ä Ä È Ê Ê á cents á á á á Ð Ò cents Ó Ó Î -- á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 `` á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á Ð Î -- á 3\/4 â ' Å Å â Ô Å -RRB- -LRB- Il1 !
Nason remains incorporated as a city .
Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga -LRB- born 23 May , 1956 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
When British Rail implemented the TOPS system for managing their operating stock , these ships were incorporated into the system in order to circumvent some of the restrictions of the application software .
It was later re-released as a special edition DVD -LRB- which altered the original title 's `` II '' into `` 2 '' -RRB- on August 31 , 2004 .
Advanced performers sometimes wear sangmo , which are hats with long ribbon attached to them that players can spin and flip in intricate patterns by moving their heads .
Jonathan Coachman , the second analyst at the table , took over Ross 's duties as play-by-play for two weeks until former ECW announcer Joey Styles was hired .
Situated on the Ina river , it is the capital of Stargard County in West Pomeranian Voivodship .
It was founded in 1865 as The Daily Dramatic Chronicle by teenage brothers Charles de Young and Michael H. de Young .
In November , 2009 , the band allowed fans to download a new free track , `` Struck Dumb , '' for a period of two weeks .
Osteichthyes are a taxonomic superclass of fish , also called bony fish that includes the ray-finned fish -LRB- Actinopterygii -RRB- and lobe finned fish -LRB- Sarcopterygii -RRB- .
Menelaos -LRB- or Latin Menelaus -RRB- was a person in Greek mythology .
Ammon is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
Palazzo Pretorio , the old town hall , was built at the end of the 13th century in red bricks .
This template displays an Irish language version of a place name and optionally an English language translation of the Irish name .
Vivien Leigh -LRB- November 5 , 1913 â `` July 7 , 1967 -RRB- was an English actress .
Sky Sports is a group of 10 channels - Sky Sports 1 , Sky Sports 2 , Sky Sports 3 , Sky Sports 4 , Sky Sports News , Sky Sports HD 1 , Sky Sports HD 2 , Sky Sports HD 3 , Sky Sports HD 4 , Sky Sports News HD and At the Races . The channels are owned by a major company named British Sky Broadcasting .
With another Tribal Council coming , Kim was still perceived as a weak link as well as lazy at camp , but she tried to shake things up when she tried to pull the other Ulong girls to an alliance .
During World War II , Deming was a member of the five-man Emergency Technical Committee .
Eight hurricanes reached Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Stream ciphers are often used for their speed and simplicity of implementation in hardware , and in applications where plaintext comes in quantities of unknowable lengthâ '' for example , a secure wireless connection .
Jau-Dignac-et-Loirac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Computer rage is normally induced when a gamer either fails an objective or is killed repeatedly .
Many of these students already had approved their first or second grade in Humanities in the Pedro Aguirre Cerda High School , but it was not recognized officially and worked with a group of teachers freely .
Martha 's Vineyard -LRB- adjoining the smaller Chappaquiddick Island -RRB- is an island off the southern coast of Cape Cod , both forming a part of the Outer Lands region .
The Notre Dame Campus currently enlists an unknown number of staff .
When the armature and the field windings are connected in series , the whole motor is referred to as `` series-wound '' .
The Decision of the Synod of Dort on the Five Main Points of Doctrine in Dispute in the Netherlands , popularly known as the Canons of Dort , is the explanation of the judicial decision of the Synod .
Researchers hope to one day be able to induce regeneration in humans -LRB- see regenerative medicine -RRB- .
Tallahassee is the capital of the U.S. state of Florida .
Another specimen , IGN 100\/42 , is perhaps the most famous , owing to its well-preserved complete skull and large size .
After finally completing this task , he was assassinated in a conspiracy arranged by Brutus and Cassius .
`` I 'm Outta Time '' is a song by English rock band Oasis , featured on their seventh studio album , Dig Out Your Soul .
One of the earliest electronic photocomposition systems was introduced by Fairchild Semiconductor .
The Western Province -LRB- Basnahira Palata , Mael Maakaanam -RRB- is the most densely populated province of Sri Lanka .
In order to swap the two add the line
Nigel Paul Farage -LRB- born 3 April 1964 -RRB- is a British politician . He is the leader of the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- , a political party that wants Britain to leave the European Union .
Its headquarters are at the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics -LRB- ICTP -RRB- in Trieste , Italy .
Winton is a town near Benalla , Victoria , Australia .
Phosphorus trichloride is a chemical compound of phosphorus and chlorine , having chemical formula PCl3 .
He led all goaltenders in regular season games played 10 times , and in regular season wins five times .
It is not acceptable for an editor to use photo manipulation to distort the facts or position illustrated by an image .
Gujarati people -LRB- Gujarati : à -- à `` à à à 3\/4 à à `` à à `` à à `` GujÇ rÄ tÄ `` loko ? -RRB-
Scottish Borders is a council area -LRB- region -RRB- in south Scotland . Its name is because it is on the border with England .
They explored in the vicinity of Peninj near the lake , where Richard was in charge of the administrative details .
Birmingham is a city of Iowa in the United States .
people that are there working or studying -LRB- students , soldiers -RRB- and are counted in another town 's Population municipale ; Population sans doubles comptes : The population totale of a town minus the doubles comptes of the town
At 14.0 million km2 -LRB- 5.4 million sq mi -RRB- , it is the fifth-largest continent in area after Asia , Africa , North America , and South America .
Hemiksem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
This appeared to him to be the ultimate origin of the melody of the Horst-Wessel-Lied .
Astin married Christine Harrell on July 11 , 1992 .
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth made-for-TV movie in the series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
Harry learns that his parents were sold out to Lord Voldemort by their friend Peter Pettigrew , also accused of framing Harry 's godfather Sirius Black for crimes he did n't make , locking him up in the wizarding prison , Azkaban .
The antibody recognizes a unique part of the foreign target , termed an antigen .
Because of the popularity of Freddie Mercury , it was made clear that Paul Rodgers would not be replacing the former Queen lead singer , who died in 1991 from complications due to AIDS .
It is distributed throughout Calgary , Banff and Canmore .
It is the fifth book in the Redwall series , and has been translated into four different languages .
Hampshire College is a private college located in Amherst , Massachusetts .
The city was recently recognized as a Bicycle-Friendly Community for 2010 by the League of American Bicyclists for its efforts .
In November 1996 , the world 's worst recorded outbreak of E. coli occurred in the town , in which 20 people died and around 200 were infected .
Louis and Mary spent all the time they could at Olduvai Gorge , starting in 1951 .
The Jewish cemetery of BesanÃ on is the only Jewish cemetery in BesanÃ on , capital of Franche-Comt Ã -LRB- France -RRB- .
She received the Library of Congress Living Legends award in the `` Writers and Artists '' category in April 2000 for her significant contributions to America 's cultural heritage .
This version uses the Sega NetLink for online play , and is played with the Saturn 's analog pad .
This is a list of people from the state of Tennessee .
Arrival of the Unfortunate Victims on the Morning 's Train â '' A History of Hotel del Monte â '' The Plans for Rebuilding the Celebrated Hostelry â '' Particulars and Supposed Origin of the Fire .
The German defeat caused Hitler to order , two days later , the `` postponement '' of preparations for the invasion of Britain .
land Islands -LRB- Swedish : Ã land -LRB- pronounced -RRB- , Finnish : Ahvenanmaa -RRB- form an archipelago in the Baltic Sea .
During the 2000 United States Census , the population was 8,775 .
Released on August 30 , 2005 , by Walt Disney Records , it is the sequel to the original movie 's soundtrack .
Any situation where strong relationships can develop may trigger a conflict of interest .
The Portuguese and their descendants are present in large numbers in almost all towns .
\* -LRB- Ä Ä cents Ä Ä Æ `` Ç Ç Ç á Ô á '' à Ã & Î `` Ï Ù Ä # Ä Ä Ä Ò -RRB- s \* -LRB- Ä Ä cents Ä Ä Æ `` Ç Ç Ç á Ô á '' à Ã & Î `` Ï Ù Ä # Ä Ä Ä Ò -RRB- .
BBC Introducing is the brand for new music programs across the BBC showcasing unsigned , self signed and other emerging musical talent primarily from the UK .
Today , Colle di Val d'Elsa is internationally renowned for the production of crystal glassware and art -LRB- 15 % of world production -RRB- , largely produced in the industrial lower town .
He has taught Russian language and Slavic Literature at Tulane University and the University of New Orleans , and was president of the Louisiana Association of Professors of Slavic and Eastern European languages .
They should n't be invoked directly .
The exhibition showed various complicated social and economical trends , and by using charts which were intuitive and interesting made those concepts easy to grasp .
In 2004 , The Trillian chat application introduced an feature called `` emotiblips '' , which allows Trillian users to stream files to their instant message recipients `` as the voice and video equivalent of an emoticon '' .
EJB QL or EJB-QL is a portable database query language for Enterprise Java Beans .
The following year , Atkins was ranked # 28 in CMT 's `` 40 Greatest Men of Country Music . ''
During the Second Sino-Japanese War -LRB- 1937 â `` 1945 -RRB- , it was Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek 's provisional capital , and the Japanese Air Force bombed it heavily .
It was there that Martin Luther posted his 95 Theses .
Hooke achieved fame in his day as Surveyor to the City of London and chief assistant of Christopher Wren .
Variations involve replacing the butter with various types of cream .
Ashley Nichole Simmons -LRB- born February 5 , 1986 -RRB- , is an American professional wrestler working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- as Madison Rayne .
The Gibraltar Chronicle is a newspaper published daily in Gibraltar since 1801 .
The 2004 season had the most fires . Over 6600000 a were burned .
Radcliffe stated that the most oft repeated question he has been asked is how Harry Potter has influenced his own life , to which he regularly answers it has been `` fine '' , and that he did not feel pigeonholed by the role , but rather sees it as a huge privilege to portray the character of Harry Potter .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Kolo TourÃ -LRB- born 19 March 1981 -RRB- is a CÃ te d'Ivoire football player . He plays for Manchester City and CÃ te d'Ivoire national team .
Florence Beatrice Green -LRB- nÃ e Patterson -RRB- -LRB- born 19 February 1901 -RRB- , at age , is the last known female veteran of the First World War , and one of the last two confirmed veterans of either gender .
On 7 July 1949 , he became part of the United States Senate after Robert F. Wagner left the Senate .
Protected from this collision zone , the ancient rocks of what is now Cape York Peninsula were did not move .
Kingdom Hearts II is a video game from the Kingdom Hearts series for the Playstation 2 .
The friends then go a field , where they drink and laugh .
Eido was married with three sons named Khaled , Zaher and Mazen .
Rudi Carrell -LRB- 19 December 1934 , Alkmaar , Netherlands â '' 7 July 2006 , Bremen , Germany -RRB- , born Rudolf Wijbrand Kesselaar , was a Dutch entertainer .
Martti Oiva Kalevi Ahtisaari -LRB- pronounced -RRB- -LRB- born 23 June 1937 -RRB- is a Finnish politician , former President of Finland -LRB- 1994 â `` 2000 -RRB- , Nobel Peace Prize laureate and United Nations diplomat and mediator , noted for his international peace work .
Boykins is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
Following the major success and platinum accreditation of the album Nickel Creek , Thile released Not All Who Wander Are Lost in 2001 .
The Kunar meets the Kabul near Jalalabad .
The electrical telegraph is a telegraph that uses electric signals .
Maldonado also entered one round of the Formula Renault V6 Eurocup at Spa-Francorchamps .
The first story on the front page was the RAF 's bombing of Port Stanley airport in the Falklands .
A three-quarter flat is represented by a half flat and a regular flat .
Zachary Braff -LRB- born April 6 , 1975 , South Orange , New Jersey -RRB- is an American television and movie actor , director , screenwriter and producer .
In addition , Guebert is a member of the 2004-05 Huskie Athletics All Academic 1st Team and 2004-05 CIS Academic All-Canadian Team .
This normally takes the form of a graphical menu , although if this is not available or the user wishes further control , GRUB has its own command prompt , where the user can manually specify the boot parameters .
In 1980 he took the job as Vice President of LTV Aerospace .
Bank of America Stadium -LRB- formerly known as Carolinas Stadium and Ericsson Stadium -RRB- is a 73,778-seat football stadium located on 33 a of land in uptown Charlotte , North Carolina , USA .
A study published in 2003 by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission documented 196 species of birds which were confirmed to breed in the state , with an additional 19 species listed as possible or probable breeders .
She had a recurring role as `` Connie Wayne '' in the soap opera The Young and the Restless , and made guest appearances on Friends , Providence , MADtv , 3rd Rock from the Sun , Star Trek : Voyager and many others .
In 1898 , Stresemann left the University of Berlin , and went to the University of Leipzig so that he could study for a doctorate .
It can also be called qixianqin -LRB- lit . `` seven-stringed instrument '' -RRB- .
Several details of its decoration , particularly the ` syncopated arches ' and the use of Purbeck marble shafts , reflect the influence of St Hugh 's Choir at Lincoln Cathedral , built a few years earlier .
The Cambridge Science Park was started by Trinity College , Cambridge in 1970 . It is the oldest science park in the United Kingdom .
The portrayals of Ash in the manga The Electric Tale of Pikachu , Pocket Monster Zensho , and Ash & Pikachu , are very similar to the one in the anime .
Gabriel Heinze -LRB- born 19 April 1978 -RRB- is an Argentine football player . He plays for Olympique Marseille and Argentina national team .
German special forces then rescued Mussolini , who then soon created the German-occupied client state , Italian Social Republic .
I write music every day . ''
Aenictogiton is a genus of ants , comprising seven rarely collected species , and given its own subfamily , Aenictogitoninae .
The Aldeburgh Festival is an English arts festival where classical music concerts take place during the summer .
On the contrary , Lamarck 's contribution was a systematic theoretical framework for understanding evolution .
OTEC can also supply quantities of cold water as a by product .
James Warren `` Jim '' Jones -LRB- May 13 , 1931 â `` November 18 , 1978 -RRB- was an American preacher and religious leader . His church was called the `` People 's Temple '' .
Since August 2009 , he led in opinion polls , competing with Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle , Marco EnrÃ quez-Ominami and Jorge Arrate ; all of whom are left-of-center candidates .
Pizza Pizza is a fast food pizza restaurant with locations throughout Ontario , Canada .
But they are recordings of Gershwin at the piano .
A trade secret is a formula , practice , process , design , instrument , pattern , or a collection of information which is not generally known , invented or created , by which a business can obtain an economic advantage over competitors or customers .
In some cases , when cold snaps threaten wildlife , they are created and operated to protect endangered wild animals .
Note that this will work on all of the pages in your userspace , except for your user talk pages â `` these are generally not deleted
It was and still is the southernmost island reachable by sea .
He was the County Governor of Oslo and Akershus , Chairman of the Board of Energy , Minister of Industry , and Minister of Trade and Shipping .
It is currently operated by National Express East Anglia and is in Travelcard Zone 3 , on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
The party 's third choice was the former civil rights campaigner Austin Currie , a new TD and former minister in Brian Faulkner 's power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland from 1973-1974 .
St. Johnstone F.C. is a professional football club based in Perth , Scotland .
Many areas keep this tradition alive today , most notably the Brentham Garden Suburb , England which hosts it annually .
In each hut are two fireplaces , about which a rigid etiquette prevails .
Suburban Station is an underground commuter rail station in the Penn Center district of Center City Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Throughout his Italian campaign Hannibal maintained an advantage in mounted soldiers and thus relied upon them and Maharbal to give himself a sizeable edge .
Gerolamo Cardano or Girolamo Cardano -LRB- English Jerome Cardan , Latin Hieronymus Cardanus ; September 24 , 1501 - September 21 1576 -RRB- was a celebrated Italian Renaissance mathematician , physician , astrologer and gambler .
Genetically our bodies are virtually the same as they were at the end of the Paleolithic era some 20,000 years ago . ''
John Stockton was a point guard for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
The nasal septum can depart from the center line of the nose in a condition is known as a deviated septum due to trauma .
Methyl iodide is formed via the exothermic reaction that occurs when iodine is added to a mixture of methanol with red phosphorus .
Many flags are also available via shortened `` aliases '' , such as standard three letter country codes as specified by ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 , IOC , or FIFA .
From the eighteenth century onwards , the Sovereign made his or her choices upon the advice of the Government .
Klaus is the middle child of the Baudelaire orphans ; he has an older sister named Violet and a younger sister named Sunny .
However , the legendary Express had been born , and it never left the memory of its fans .
HachiÅ ji Station -LRB- å , ã ã ã ã ã ã ã -RRB- is a Railway station of East Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR East -RRB- in the city of HachiÅ ji , Tokyo , Japan .
Passenger trains stopped going to Forbes in 1983 .
Horus was the god of the sky . The pharaoh ruling at any given time of Egypt was always the living image of Horus .
He was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physics together with Peter GrÃ 1\/4 nberg .
The relationships of Vitaceae are unclear and the family does not appear to have any close relatives .
Mercury is still used in some diuretics , although other things can be used for most therapeutic uses .
Warner signed a new three-year deal with the Cardinals on February 14 , 2006 .
More than two million people joined his funeral procession in Paris from the Arc de Triomphe to the PanthÃ on , where he was buried .
The year 1592 -LRB- MDXCII -RRB- was a leap year that began on Wednesday .
The area has become an increasingly popular tourist attraction since the late 1990s mainly due to its fine beaches .
Braille can be seen as the world 's first binary character encoding .
The warmest month is May with a mean temperature of 29.9 â while the coldest is January at 25.2 â .
Evaluates and returns the minimum of a list of numeric values -LRB- with up to 27 parameters -RRB- .
Ruiselede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Otto Struve -LRB- August 12 , 1897 , Kharkov , Russian Empire â `` April 6 , 1963 , Berkeley , USA -RRB- was a Russianâ `` American astronomer of Baltic German ethnicity .
Piscu Vechi is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,950 people .
He is the longest reigning World Champion in SmackDown history longest reigning WWE Champion in SmackDown history which he held for 280 days .
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System . It is the fifth planet from the Sun .
The period of his rule is often called the Momoyama period , named after Hideyoshi 's castle .
People often coexist with others who share different beliefs , traditions and customs .
Some say that the conflict began when large-scale Jewish immigration to Palestine started , especially after the start of the Zionist movement .
There were about 30,000 tribal registrations among the Six Nations in the United States in 1995 .
Facebook -LRB- stylized facebook -RRB- is a social networking service and website launched in February 2004 , operated and privately owned by Facebook , Inc. .
Play does stop for oncoming automobiles .
Nicknamed the `` Oricon comet '' for her success in Japan , she has released eight singles and two albums there with varying degrees of success .
William Edgar -LRB- Bill -RRB- Oddie -LRB- born July 7 1941 -RRB- is a British comedian and television personality , he is most famous for his birdwatching and conservation work . In the 1970s , he was a member of The Goodies .
The first Count of Castile was Rodrigo in 850 , under OrdoÃ o I of Asturias and Alfonso III of Asturias .
In 1986 the International Whaling Commission -LRB- IWC -RRB- banned commercial whaling so that stocks might recover . While the moratorium has been successful in averting the extinction of whale species due to overhunting , contemporary whaling is subject to intense debate .
A Canadian citizen when he left Canada , Schally became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1962 .
It is located at 34 Â 19 ' 0N 72 Â 14 ' 0E and has an altitude of 342 metres -LRB- 1125 feet -RRB- .
His three championship fights between 1952-54 were named fights of the year by that magazine .
It was found by N. R. Pogson on April 15 , 1857 and named after the Greek heroine Ariadne .
It is a flat bicycle and pedestrian path that runs along Periwinkle Creek from the northwest corner of Grand Prairie Park to the Albany Boys and Girls Club , and travels a round trip distance of 3.61 m. There are many other trails through out the city to include , Cox Creek Loop and Waverly Lake Loop , Dave Clark Trail , Oak Creek Greenbelt Trail , Takena Landing Trail , Timber Linn Park Trails , and a proposed Swanson Park Connector a paved path on the north side of highway 99 that connects Swanson Park with the nearby Amtrak\/Transit Center .
Jan Ullrich finished fourth , while Andreas KlÃ den was the best placed rider of the team in second place .
Chris is Piper and Leo 's second son .
Habima Theater , Israel 's national theater , was closed down for renovations in early 2008 .
He was freed by Allied forces on February 23 , 1945 .
An unconformity is a buried erosion surface separating two rock strata of different ages .
See the how-to guide for that .
In 1036 , Schloss Lenzburg was used for the first time as seat for the count of Lenzburg , then an important lord .
The fossil record is imperfect -LRB- only a very small fraction of organisms become fossilized -RRB- and contains gaps not necessarily caused by extinction , particularly when the number of individuals in a taxon becomes very low .
He spent the remainder of his years enjoying himself and ordering some important public works , such as discharging into the Danube the superfluous waters of Lake Pelso , and the cutting down the immense forests that encompassed it .
In 2000 , there were 304 people living in Riverton .
Nerf N-Strike is a video game developed by EA Salt Lake and published by Electronic Arts for the Nintendo DS and Wii .
Aubie-et-Espessas is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Paulo Futre -LRB- born 28 February 1966 -RRB- is a former Portuguese football player .
Jinnah International Airport -LRB- previously Quaid-e-Azam International Airport -RRB- is Pakistan 's largest international and domestic airport .
The other benefit is that once the fire has gone through an area the tender shoots of the fast regenerating grasses attract wallabies into a clearly defined area .
`` Wild apple '' redirects here .
The schedule of responsibilities is based on the constitution of Hamburg -LRB- Art .
Thus a string longer than 500 is always considered to be `` longer '' , even if it is compared with the `` correct '' length value .
On March 13 , 1966 in an Eastern Hockey League game vs Jacksonville , Doug Bentley inserted his son , Doug Jr. -LRB- b. June 1 , 1951 -RRB- into the game when the team was short of players due to injuries .
Tebay is a village and civil parish near the M6 motorway in Cumbria , England .
The Cubs have played their home games at Wrigley Field , also known as `` The Friendly Confines '' since 1916 .
Lysithea is a prograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
The Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda -LRB- German : Reichsministerium fÃ 1\/4 r VolksaufklÃ rung und Propaganda or Propagandaministerium -RRB- was Nazi Germany 's ministry that enforced Nazi Party ideology in Germany and regulated its culture and society .
Caroline discovered eight comets , three nebulae and , at her brother 's suggestion , updated and corrected Flamsteed 's work on the position of stars .
It was also common for didgeridoos to be played for entertainment outside of ceremonial life .
Flavy-le-Martel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is the original world title of WWE . Currently , it is the highest ranked championship on the Raw brand .
This has been remedied at Brixton in 2004 and at Vauxhall in 2006 where an additional escalator has been installed in place of the fixed stairway .
Many of these have come under the care of Historic Scotland and the UNESCO World Heritage Committee .
Block belongs to the Authors Guild , Authors League of America , and the Writers Guild of America .
It is a mound nester .
The next morning at Casaya , Danielle and Courtney learned Bruce and Bobby spent the night sleeping in their outhouse , drinking all the wine they had won .
Greensboro is a city in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
4Kids also indicated that it will retain Yu-Gi-Oh !
Lenihan denied he had pressured the President but then a tape was produced of an ` on the record ' interview he had given to a postgraduate student the previous May where he talked about trying to apply pressure .
Wilson moved to Iroquois Falls , Ontario , for a season to play in the Northern Ontario Hockey Association -LRB- NOHA -RRB- in 1921 â `` 22 before returning to Port Arthur a year later to play for the Port Arthur Bearcats .
However , due to how the icons are implemented , they have a tendency to break rather easily , for instance when sitenotices are active .
In 1962 he was appointed director of the National Institute for Medical Research , and became professor of experimental medicine at the Royal Institution -LRB- 1977 -- 83 -RRB- , and president of the Royal Postgraduate Medical School -LRB- 1981 -- 87 -RRB- .
The committee also found that the existence of states was a question of fact , while the recognition by other states was purely declaratory and not a determinative factor of statehood .
Nor ` easter s thrive on the converging air masses ; that is , the polar cold air mass and the warmer ocean water of the Gulf Stream .
Together , her sea trilogy explores the whole of ocean life , from the shores to the surface to the deep sea .
The new bishop was arrested and imprisoned only two months later .
Micah Lincoln Richards -LRB- born 24 June 1988 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Manchester City in the Premier League .
; Hiro Yamamoto Active : 1984 â `` 1989 Instruments : bass Release contributions : Deep Six -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , Screaming Life -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , Fopp -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , Ultramega OK -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , Louder Than Love -LRB- 1989 -RRB- Hiro Yamamoto was a member of the original band formed in 1984 .
On his left arm is a tattoo , `` Living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . '' , a line from The Beatles ' `` Strawberry Fields Forever '' .
Some people claim that practices in the United Arab Emirates are examples of modern day indentured servitude .
Russians , Belarusians , and Ukrainians are East Slavic . Poles , Czechs , and Slovaks are West Slavic .
Billie Holiday was born Eleanora Fagan on April 7 , 1915 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to her mother Sarah Julia `` Sadie '' Fagan -LRB- nÃ e Harris -RRB- , and Clarence Halliday -LRB- Holiday -RRB- , who was a musician .
In the absence of this methane greenhouse , temperatures plunged and a snowball event could have occurred .
The services are accessible anywhere in the world , with The Cloud appearing as a single point of access for all the computing needs of consumers .
Males had a median income of $ 20,417 versus $ 18,750 for females .
Consequently , it is uplisted to Endangered status in 2008 .
Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze is a commune .
Dictyoptera includes three groups of polyneopterous insects - cockroaches -LRB- Blattaria -RRB- , termites -LRB- Isoptera -RRB- and mantids -LRB- Mantodea -RRB- .
Beriberi is a disease of the nervous system caused by a person not getting enough thiamine in the diet .
1981 -LRB- MCMLXXXI -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar .
Sir Peter Neville Luard Pears CBE -LRB- his name rhymes with â cheersâ -RRB- -LRB- born Farnham 22 June 1910 died Aldeburgh 3 April 1986 -RRB- was an English tenor and life-long partner of the composer Benjamin Britten .
Every character has some moves that , when used on the enemy that is currently midair in a juggle combo , will cause the opponent to be smashed hard into the ground , bouncing them off the floor , stunned and letting the attacker to perform another combo or attack .
Thrust is a reaction force that is described by Newton 's laws of motion .
Among his most popular works are his Tarantella in G minor and the Fantasia on a Theme by Schumann , both for piano solo .
It was designed by Vulcan engineer J. O. P. Hughes and the project had been started in early 1950s .
Although these fields are small , production is large .
Mardi Gras -LRB- Fat Tuesday -RRB- is a festival held the day before Ash Wednesday , signifying the end of the Carnival season and the start of Lent .
Mario Kart : Super Circuit , known in Japan as Mario Kart Advance , is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance in 2001 .
Burnham together with Charles Frederick Holder , in 1908 , made important archeological discoveries of Mayan civilization in this region , including the Esperanza Stone .
Wagner devoted three years -LRB- 1836 â `` 1839 -RRB- to the exploration of Algiers : it was here that he made important observations in natural history , which he later supplemented and developed : that geographical isolation could play a key role in speciation .
Naturists reject contemporary Western standards of modesty which discourage personal , family , and social nudity , and seek to create a social environment where people feel comfortable in the company of nude people , and being seen nude , either just by other nudists , or also by the general public .
Mount Merapi , Gunung Merapi -LRB- literally Fire Mountain in Indonesian\/Javanese -RRB- , is an active stratovolcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
JosÃ MarÃ a HipÃ lito Figueres Ferrer -LRB- 25 September 1906 -- 8 June 1990 -RRB- , served as President of Costa Rica on three occasions : 1948 -- 1949 , 1953 -- 1958 , and 1970 -- 1974 .
Saint-Sorlin-en-Bugey is a commune .
The family Fagaceae , or beech family , comprises about 900 species of both evergreen and deciduous trees and shrubs , which are characterized by alternate simple leaves with pinnate venation , unisexual flowers in the form of catkins , and fruit in the form of cup-like -LRB- cupule -RRB- nuts .
He has a memorial stone in Chichester Cathedral .
; Only the first parameter is required .
It features Manson 's cover of `` Working Class Hero '' .
The Ancient Indian work Kama Sutra mentions different types of embracing , kissing , and marking with nails and teeth .
The city is the county seat of Fayette County .
Conversion kits and services are available to convert production model hybrid vehicles to plug-ins . Other plug-in vehicles ongoing demonstration trials or slated to the market for 2011 and 2012 are the Fisker Karma , Toyota Prius Plug-in Hybrid , Ford Escape Plug-in Hybrid , Volvo V70 Plug-in Hybrid , Suzuki Swift Plug-in and the Ford C-Max Energi .
The 2010 car was officially launched on the team 's website on 3 February 2010 . The following two days , Virgin ran the car at a private event at Silverstone .
Among the last bushrangers was the Kelly Gang led by Ned Kelly , who were captured at Glenrowan in 1880 , two years after they were outlawed .
For example , radio messages sent from Earth may never reach some regions of space , even if the Universe would exist forever ; space may expand faster than light can traverse it .
One of the most important aspects of sidecar racing is teamwork ; the best sidecar teams in the world have been racing together for many years .
Dr. Yunus has been awarded 26 honorary doctorate degrees , and 15 special awards .
CÃ sar Aparecido Rodrigues -LRB- born 24 October 1974 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
It was filmed in 2002 and 13 episodes aired weekly in the United States on CBS from February 13 - May 11 , 2003 .
The first race was won by Spanish driver Fernando Alonso of the Renault F1 team on 28 September 2008 .
A patron of the arts , she gave the Medici 's large art collection -LRB- including the contents of the Uffizi , Palazzo Pitti and Medici villas -RRB- which she inherited upon her brother Gian Gastoneâ s death in 1737 , and her Palatine treasures to the Tuscan state , on the condition that none of it be removed .
This template emits a dtstart or dtend date sequence as decribed by the hcalendar spec at the microformats community site .
After the battle , a new arrangement was made : while Octavian returned to Rome , Antony went on to govern the east of the Republic .
It did not pass with 54 % of California voters voting ` No ' , and 46 % voting ` Yes ' .
Their members are called Eastern Orthodox , although there is another group of Churches called Oriental Orthodox that is not Eastern Orthodox .
Of those , four were tropical storms , eight were hurricanes , and four were major hurricanes that reached Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Later , probably around the rule of Augustus , it became part of the Roman Empire .
The wheel may also be used during process of trimming the excess body from dried ware and for applying incised decoration or rings of color .
The American Robin is a known reservoir -LRB- carrier -RRB- for West Nile virus .
All perfect numbers are also Ore 's harmonic numbers , and it has been conjectured as well that there are no odd Ore 's harmonic numbers other than 1 .
Historians refer to the period around 1500-1800 .
The sea waves at the beach oscillate between the two and three height meters , and allows the surfers to select their perfect waves .
Crowded House are a rock group formed in 1985 in Melbourne , Australia , led by New Zealand singer-songwriter Neil Finn .
The 4 Core Concepts of the Monterrey 2007 Forum will be carried out in 4 separate activities programs .
The chairman Aristide Briand , French foreign minister , concluded the session after this speech with the words : `` The League of Nations must never break the sacred support of the minority-rights . ''
Claudine Monteil -LRB- b. 1949 -RRB- is a French writer and women 's rights specialist .
It works similarly to the HTML markup sequence : -LRB- -RRB- , that is , a non-breaking space , a bullet and a normal space .
He has moved to the Piquet Sports team for the 2008 season .
Fermentation makes this happen . Lactic acid bacteria changes the milk sugar into lactic acid .
In his time , he was known primarily as a choral composer .
He was however buried in Vienna .
The judge sided with Peters , but many astronomers and newspapers sided with Borst .
Their correct name was tokubetsu kÅ geki tai -LRB- ç å æ '' '' æ ' é -RRB- , which literally means `` special attack unit . ''
The sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroids conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
The Tung Chung Line trains have been diverted to the new track since mid May 2003 , whereas the Mei Foo station interchange subway and the Nam Cheong station were opened at the same time the West Rail Line opened for public use in December 2003 .
It is a rare transition metal belonging to the platinum group of the periodic table . Similar to the other metals of the platinum group , ruthenium is inert to most chemicals .
To make typographic quotation marks easier to enter , publishing software often automatically converts typewriter quotation marks -LRB- and apostrophes -RRB- to typographic form during text entry -LRB- with or without the userâ s being aware of it -RRB- .
Seleute is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
One method involves mixing stoichiometric quantities of sodium hydroxide and sulfuric acid which react to form sodium bisulfate and water .
The Circle Jerks are a legendary punk rock band from California .
The DÃ partment du Nord-Ouest has an area of 2,176 kmÂ .
Pedro Zaballa BarquÃ n -LRB- 29 July 1938 â `` 4 June 1997 -RRB- was a Spanish footballer who played for FC Barcelona between 1961 and 1967 , and scored the 2000th goal for Barcelona in La Liga .
Mansehra District is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , an area still unofficially known as the Northwest Frontier .
Tropical Depression Eleven_E formed from a tropical wave about 400 mi .
There are many Sudoku variations that have been created since the original Sudoku 's release .
The sword points from hoist to fly on both sides .
The ancient Thracians were a group of Indo-European tribes inhabiting areas in Southeastern Europe . They spoke the Thracian language â `` a scarcely attested branch of the Indo-European language family .
At the time it was thought that Alpha was the twenty-second storm of the season , and so was the storm which broke the 1933 season 's record for most storms in just one season .
The genus is made up of species most often found in the Northern hemisphere .
A positive integer such that every smaller positive integer is a sum of distinct divisors of it is a practical number .
Fossil fuel burning has produced about three-quarters of the increase in CO2 from human activity over the past 20 years .
Hurricane Dennis was the second hurricane and the first major hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Coeurdoux made a thorough comparison of Sanskrit , Latin and Greek conjugations in the late 1760s to suggest a relationship between them .
At the live reunion and finale -LRB- last episode -RRB- , Danni beat Stephenie in a -LRB- 6-1 -RRB- vote .
However , due to inflation , coins below 1 peso are now rarely found .
Damage from Fay was heavy , estimated at $ 560 million .
Linzeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
VoA is a federal US government department , so it does n't make Special English programs for anything other than VoA 's own use .
Astrology and astronomy started out as the same thing , but today they are very different .
MINIX -LRB- from `` mini-Unix '' -RRB- was first released in 1987 , with its complete source code made available to universities for study in courses and research . It has been free and open source software since it was re-licensed under the BSD license in April 2000 .
Back at camp , the former La Mina tribe tried to convince Bruce and Danielle , the two outcasts of their alliance , to switch to the La Mina alliance .
The Platinum Card had a $ 250 annual fee -LRB- today it is $ 450 -RRB- .
The sorority has more than 200,000 women in over 950 chapters located in the United States , the Caribbean , Germany , Korea and Japan .
The Triassic-Jurassic extinction event wiped them all out except for the plesiosaurs .
This allows a dive bomber to accurately place bombs on smaller and\/or moving targets with relative ease .
This technique makes the code longer for each iteration of a loop , but saves the computation time required for jumping back to the beginning of the loop at the end of each iteration .
Solid material produced and thrown into the air by such volcanic eruptions is called tephra , regardless of composition or fragment size .
He is the first Hispanic to win a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
In prophase II we see the disappearance of the nucleoli and the nuclear envelope again as well as the shortening and thickening of the chromatids . Centrioles move to the polar regions and arrange spindle fibers for the second meiotic division .
The organization was founded by Fred Kilgour , and its head office is located in Dublin , Ohio , U.S.
After moving to Melbourne , in 1983 Gillard became the second woman to lead the Australian Union of Students .
First Hsing Hsing and Ling Ling in 1972 , and , since 2000 , Mei Xiang and Tian Tian .
Naruto Uzumaki -LRB- æ å '' ã é æ , Uzumaki Naruto -RRB- is a fictional character in the anime and manga franchise Naruto created by Masashi Kishimoto .
Major northâ `` south streets crossing Unter den Linden are FriedrichstraÃ e and Wilhelmstrasse .
Razors have been identified from many Bronze Age cultures .
Albion is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
The ancient Library of Alexandria was a large and significant library of the ancient world . It was founded in Alexandria , Egypt .
A chemical compound is a pure chemical substance consisting of two or more different chemical elements that can be separated into simpler substances by chemical reactions . Chemical compounds have a unique and defined chemical structure ; they consist of a fixed ratio of atoms that are held together in a defined spatial arrangement by chemical bonds .
OuÃ zy is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The bank was closely involved in the occupation of Europe , `` essentially acting as the bank of the SS in Poland '' .
The mountainous Aizu region has scenic lakes , lush forests , and snowy winters .
The Rockford IceHogs are an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League .
The reigning monarch of each of the Commonwealth realms is at the apex of the Order of St. John as its Sovereign Head , followed by the Duke of Gloucester , as Grand Prior since 1974 .
Louis grew up in the town of Arbois .
The Presidents ' Trophy is an award presented by the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season .
Daniel RubÃ n Bilos -LRB- born 3 September 1980 in Pergamino , Buenos Aires Province -RRB- is an Argentine footballer , who has played professional football in Argentina , France and Mexico and up to now he made 3 appearances for the Argentina national team .
Letters that came from it include the Roman T and Cyrillic Ð cents .
Its county seat is Bradenton , Florida .
He was educated at Liverpool College .
Some feminists have questioned the comparison , claiming that the contests are degrading for women and not for men because of sexism .
The new constitution had created the Directory -LRB- Directoire -RRB- , which was the first government of France to be bicameral -LRB- split into two houses -RRB- .
In November 2008 , thirteen years after his disappearance , he was officially declared presumed deceased .
Stillwater is also the home of Oklahoma State University .
The Ladykillers is a 2004 black comedy film directed , written and produced by the Coen brothers and stars Tom Hanks , with a supporting cast that includes J. K. Simmons , Marlon Wayans , Tzi Ma , Ryan Hurst and Irma P. Hall .
In the common law of England , a judgment of -LRB- criminal -RRB- outlawry was one of the harshest penalties in the legal system , since the outlaw could not use the legal system to protect them if needed , e.g. from mob justice . To be declared an outlaw was to suffer a form of civil or social death .
The constitution of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf was approved on January 24th , 1999 by the CEC in Lahore , Pakistan .
The stadium is located on the east side of the Georgia Tech campus .
Dumbo appears in the popular PlayStation 2 game Kingdom Hearts in the form of a summon that the player can call upon in battle for aid .
It is not necessary to code every infobox into a separate template page , outside the article .
It can be made by reacting ammonium nitrate with potassium hydroxide .
Capecchi received his Ph. D. in biophysics in 1967 from Harvard University , with his doctoral thesis completed under the tutelage of Watson .
In 1995 , the Lynbarn Railway -- at the Milky Way , a theme park near Clovelly , was created and operated by L&B volunteers .
By Lucy Walter -LRB- c. 1630 â `` 1658 -RRB-
Schleswig-Holstein comprises two parts , the former duchies of Schleswig and Holstein , both of which have passed back and forth between the Danes and Germans rulers several times .
Initially the manor was the principal unit of local administration and justice in the early rural economy .
By volume it is the world 's fourth largest salt lake after the Caspian Sea , Issyk-Kul Lake and the -LRB- shrinking -RRB- Aral Sea , and among all lakes it ranks twenty-fourth .
In November 1701 , her third daughter , Maria Luisa , then barely thirteen years old , married Philip V of Spain .
On November 2 1921 , Dandurand and his partners , Joseph Cattarinich and Louis Letourneau , purchased the Montreal Canadiens hockey club from the widow of George Kennedy for $ 11,000 .
In 2003 , Washington and Maine became the first states to ban mercury blood pressure devices .
The southern hills and basins cover a large area in the south of the Park , including the headwaters of the South Alligator River .
Larnas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Proteobacteria are a major group -LRB- phylum -RRB- of bacteria .
With their hyperactive , self-conscious diversity , goofy sense of humor , and sharp social commentary , the group gained a sizable cult following during the late '80s , yet they were never able to earn a mainstream audience .
It is also one of the first tries to use the concept of infinity , and the first use of decision theory . It was important for other philosophers who developed the ideas of pragmatism and voluntarism .
He is its highest spiritual teacher of the Gelugpa school . A new Dalai Lama is said to be the re-born old Dalai Lama .
Other Ustase sources give more canon estimations : a circular of the Ustase general headquarters that reads : `` the concentration and labor camp in Jasenovac can receive an unlimited number of internees '' .
svg thumb IPA c : Â -LRB- -LRB- m : wikt : en : international -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- ' commons : template : style\/IPA Â
Gauchy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The British Empire expanded in this time to include colonies , protectorates , and Dominions throughout the Americas , Africa , Asia and Australasia .
Araujo played for Japanese side Gamba Osaka in 2005 his 34 league goals helped Gamba to the 2005 J-League title .
He married GuÃ rÃ n KatrÃ n Ã orbergsdÃ ttir in 1974 , who gave birth to twin daughters the following year , GuÃ rÃ n Tinna , a graduate in Business Studies , and Svanhildur Dalla , a graduate both in Political Science and Law .
Firestone was more than a billion dollars in debt at the time , and losing 250 million dollars a year .
He shared the 1962 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Max Perutz . Their group in the Cavendish Laboratory was the first to determine the structure of proteins , using X-ray crystallography .
There are many reasons for someone to be an impersonator , some common ones being as follows :
Beginning in 1549 , this was to be the largest popular uprising during the Tudor period .
`` This is all -- absolutely all '' , according to Beust .
Oder-Spree is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the eastern part of Brandenburg , Germany .
Not a member of any party , Gauck was nominated by the opposition SPD and Greens as their presidential candidate on 3 June .
For the 2002 season , seating was returned to the South end in front of the Wardlaw Center , and the original North stands and lower east bleachers were rebuilt and bowled in .
Later members , including Centrosaurus and Triceratops , became very large quadrupeds . They developed elaborate facial horns and a neck frill .
Most refer to a special kind of city and\/or state .
Northern Areasâ Legislative Council was created with a membership of 29 -LRB- later increased to 32 -RRB- , but its powers are restricted .
The Monash Freeway is a major freeway in Melbourne .
The openings of the Tyne and Wear Metro in 1980 , Manchester Metrolink in 1991 and new tram systems in Sheffield , Birmingham , Croydon and Nottingham are very much in line with the aims of the LRTA .
Pauillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Giravanz Kitakyushu is a football club which plays in Japan .
A remixed version of the song would later appear in the 2001 Johnny Depp film From Hell .
MuÃ oz was reprimanded by the football association and temporarily removed from its executive committee .
She was the country 's first female President , and the first Indonesian leader born after independence .
Drake , thanks to Sandra being able to speak Spanish and Rupert 's idea to steal the untouched shoes of Morgan and use them as exchanging goods , was able to get a lot of items , while Morgan did not plan as well .
It became the capital of the Uzbek SSR in 1925 before being replaced by Tashkent in 1930 .
The reason for deletion is shown in the summary below , along with details of the users who had changed this page before deletion .
Lovell was also the command module pilot of Apollo 8 , the first Apollo mission to enter lunar orbit .
In 1931 , Warwickshire got the town of Shipston-on-Stour from Worcestershire and several villages , including Long Marston and Welford-on-Avon , from Gloucestershire .
Sunderland Association Football Club is an English football club . They are from the city of Sunderland .
Maybe that makes me a bad actress .
While anyone who subscribed to the scheme and all commissioned officers of the mercenary army were granted the right to become knights of the order , this attracted few donations ; the Greek War of Independence had been won without the help of the knights of the Council of the French Langues .
Gustavo AdriÃ n LÃ pez Pablo -LRB- born April 13 , 1973 -RRB- is an Argentine footballer .
Welcome to Wikipedia , and thank you for your contributions .
\* giant penis .
Ellington called his music `` American Music '' rather than jazz , and liked to describe those who impressed him as `` beyond category '' .
Whitehall is a city of Trempealeau County in the state of Wisconsin , United States . It can be found along the Trempealeau River .
Jamie Farr -LRB- born July 1 , 1934 -RRB- is an American actor of Lebanese descent .
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s , the term semi-tropical and quasi-tropical were used for what would become known as subtropical cyclones .
She is buried in Forbes Cemetery .
He was the author of Die Geographische Verbreitung der SÃ ugethiere Dargestellt -LRB- 1844-46 -RRB- .
says that yellow press newspapers have several columns and front-page headlines about different types of news , such as sports and scandals , using bold layouts -LRB- with large illustrations and perhaps color -RRB- , and stories reported using sources that do n't share their names .
See : List of protected pages and : Protection policy for more information .
The areas it comprises are southeastern Bulgaria -LRB- Northern Thrace -RRB- , northeastern Greece -LRB- Western Thrace -RRB- , and the European part of Turkey -LRB- Eastern Thrace -RRB- .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 200 .
For Eisenstein , however , it was also an opportunity to see landscapes and cultures outside those found within the Soviet Union .
Joseph Alberic Fiennes is an English actor . He was born on May 27 1970 in Salisbury , Wiltshire , England .
The bilateria are all animals having a bilateral symmetry , i.e. they have a front and a back end , as well as an upside and downside . Radially symmetrical animals like jellyfish have a topside and downside , but no front and back .
It was certified 14 times platinum by the BPI , four times platinum by the RIAA , eight times platinum by the CRIA and six times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association .
It has been described as `` holding a unique position in the Christian world '' and as `` the greatest of all churches of Christendom '' .
The decision was later quashed by the High Court of Justice when on 5 October , Mr Justice Collins overturned the suspension , regardless of the outcome of Livingstone 's appeal concerning the breach of standards .
In addition to making it easy to use this mounting also represents the angle of the planet in relation to its sun and the spin of the planet .
At the 2000 census , the population was 5,033 .
Cabo EngaÃ o is the easternmost point of the island of Hispaniola , on the territory of the Dominican Republic .
Chaney died in California of heart failure when he was 67 years old .
Articles and events specifically relating to the decade that began in 1900 and ended in 1909 .
The number of councillors varies roughly in proportion to the population of the parish .
Machu Picchu -LRB- , `` Old Peak '' -RRB- is a pre-Columbian 15th-century Inca site located 2430 m above sea level .
This led to a new incarnation of the series for television syndication by Lorimar-Telepictures in 1988 that included new characters , like Gumby 's little sister Minga and a mastodon named Denali . Dallas McKennon returned as the voice of Gumby in new adventures that would take Gumby and his pals beyond their toyland-type setting and establish themselves as a rock band .
A million deaths is just a statistic '' .
Alpha caused nine deaths in the Dominican Republic alone , including two fishermen who went missing at sea during the storm and a fourteen year old boy who was swept away by floodwaters in the town of Guaricanos .
The preceding 1924 Games were retroactively renamed the inaugural Winter Olympics , though they had been in fact part of the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Thorin is wounded and dies afterwards .
In practice , almost all unblock requests are declined .
Tencha leaves are traditionally dried outside in the shade and are never exposed to direct sunlight .
Bruno N ` Gotty -LRB- born 10 June 1971 -RRB- is a French football player of Cameroonian ancestry who last played for English club Leicester City .
Iolani Palace , built later by other members of the royal family , is still standing , and is the only royal palace on American soil .
However , readers often prefer a vertical listing of data , down each column .
The group also helps with raising funds for the research and captive breeding programs for Gilbertâ s potoroo .
Its first real inn opened in the 1770s , in the street then called ` Berliner StraÃ e ' -LRB- now Otto-Suhr-Allee -RRB- , and many other inns and beer gardens were to follow , popular for weekend parties especially .
Like the other towns , it maintains its own municipal government but its residents vote in the Jacksonville mayoral election and have representation on the Jacksonville city council .
In 2001 , control of Cockatoo Island was given to the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust as public , urban park .
Razvi was politically powerful and a close advisor of the Nizam , whom he encouraged to defy the infidel government , and blocked the invasion of Hyderabad into Republic of India .
As of 2010 , there is no known cause for all kinds of leukemia .
James Ramsay MacDonald , PC , FRS -LRB- 12 October 1866 â '' 9 November 1937 -RRB- was a British Labor politician , who served two separate terms as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
According to Capablanca 's second wife , Olga , his first marriage broke down fairly soon , and he and Gloria had affairs .
George Herbert Walker Bush -LRB- born June 12 , 1924 -RRB- was President of the United States between 1989 and 1993 . He was born in Milton , Massachusetts and was a politician in Texas .
Like many countries , Singapore was not immune to political corruption .
Stoiber is a keen football fan and he serves as Co-Chairman on the Advisory Board of FC Bayern Munich .
Phosphoric acid can be made by dissolving phosphorus -LRB- V -RRB- oxide in water . This makes a very pure phosphoric acid that is good for food .
Once inside the cave , they waited until Mlimo entered .
He started using his Chinese name after entering politics .
Andrea Orlandi Stabilin -LRB- born 3 August 1984 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish football winger .
This makes IPsec more flexible , as it can be used for protecting all the higher level protocols , because applications do not need to be designed to use IPsec , whereas the use of TLS\/SSL or other higher-layer protocols must be built-in the application .
Bakrani -LRB- Sindhi : Ø Ø Ú Ø Ø Ú '' Ù -RRB- is a town in Larkana District , Sindh province of Pakistan .
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has established centers in 195 countries and states that its membership is in the tens of millions , while the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement states it is established in 17 countries of the world .
Wanze is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Raffles was born on a ship Ann to Captain Benjamin Raffles -LRB- Father -RRB- and Anne Raffles -LRB- Mother -RRB- .
Wilson attended a number of universities in Scotland without attaining a degree .
Digital audio files can be moved from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible Media player .
In August 2005 Brenner was appointed president of the Okinawa Insitute of Science and Technology .
The Concentric ring model also known as the Burgess model is one of the earliest theoretical models to explain urban social structures .
Helen returned to Sparta and lived for a time with Menelaus , where she was encountered by Telemachus in The Odyssey .
Interchange within the station will be improved by means of removing the existing interchange bridge and installing new stairs and lifts with access to all four platforms , thereby allowing passengers with impaired mobility to use the station .
Saint-Nicolas , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Glastonbury Abbey is in Glastonbury , Somerset , England .
Auburnâ s campus was turned into a training ground for technical specialists in the armed forces .
Forests and uplands are very common . These woods and hills include the monasteries of CetÄ Å # uia , Frumoasa , and Galata .
When a vacancy arises for a seat mid-term , an election is only held if a certain number -LRB- usually 10 -RRB- of parish residents request an election .
Hayley Wickenheiser -LRB- born August 12 , 1978 in Shaunavon , Saskatchewan -RRB- is an women 's Olympic ice hockey forward that plays for Team Canada .
Doak won 20 games in .
Other bands that have inspired Rise Against are Descendents , Dead Kennedys , Refused , and Bad Religion .
His first single was the little-known `` When You Gonna '' , released as a collaboration with Lisa Carter , with little promotion .
The Catholic Church teaches that when the bread and wine are consecrated in the Eucharist , they cease to be bread and wine , and become , respectively , the body and blood of Christ , each of which is accompanied by the other and by Christ 's soul and divinity .
Around three hundred German pilots received training at Lipetsk , some tank training took place near Kazan and toxic gas was developed at Saratov for the German army .
In 2006 , the bourse is at the first time in Berlin .
In developing countries , three World Bank projects for integrated solar thermal\/combined-cycle gas-turbine power plants in Egypt , Mexico , and Morocco have been approved .
Wehrmacht vehicles used by Heer , Luftwaffe or Kriegsmarine had license plates with WH , WL or WM .
The earthquake 's epicentre was 40 k west of Christchurch , near the town of Darfield . The hypocentre was at a shallow depth of 10 km .
Prior to the 2008-09 season opener , the Blackhawks named Toews , at 20 years and 79 days , as the new captain , succeeding the traded Lapointe and making him the third-youngest captain at the time of appointment .
Like the rest of the southeastern U.S. , Warne receives abundant rainfall , which is relatively evenly distributed throughout the year .
Though the storm never made landfall , 23 deaths were reported in Cuba from significant flooding , the worst in 32 years .
Modern dance is a dance form developed in the early 20th century . Although the term Modern dance has also been applied to a category of 20th Century ballroom dances , Modern dance as a term usually refers to 20th century concert dance .
When the Jubilee Line was opened , it was run with 1972 trains .
These are the cities in the municipality of Meppel .
It was developed , manufactured and sold by IMS Associates , Inc. -LRB- later renamed IMSAI Manufacturing Corp -RRB- .
Dover is a borough in York County , Pennsylvania , United States .
It weakened to a depression late August 10 , but restrengthened back into a storm 24 hours later when it encountered a small area of warmer water .
Nawabshah Airport is located at Nawabshah , Sindh , Pakistan .
Lourdes is a small market town lying in the foothills of the Pyrenees , famous for the Marian apparitions of Our Lady of Lourdes that are reported to have occurred in 1858 to Bernadette Soubirous .
Please do not subst : this template as contact details may change in the future .
Karen Anne Carpenter -LRB- March 2 , 1950 -- February 4 , 1983 -RRB- was an American singer and drummer .
Founded on July 6 , 1995 by Tom Fulp , the site primarily hosts Adobe Flash animations and games , but also features a music-oriented page , along with an art portal .
In addition to the two earthquakes in 1854 , there were similar earthquakes in 1944 and 1946 .
The high run for the tournament was just 6 points , and the high average a 0.75 .
This confrontation scene between a predator and its prey would inspire many imitations , establishing the two dinosaurs as ` mortal enemies ' in the popular consciousness . .
Other professional teams include the St. Louis Blues -LRB- hockey -RRB- and St. Louis Rams -LRB- football -RRB- . Successful sports franchises have led to St. Louis being called `` North America 's Best Sports City . ''
Most clipboards are made of masonite or particleboard , two types of wood . They can also be made from aluminum , steel , or acrylic , a type of plastic .
Anglicisation , or anglicization -LRB- see - ise vs - ize -RRB- , is the process of converting verbal or written elements of any other language into a form that is more comprehensible to an English speaker , or , more generally , of altering something such that it becomes English in form or character .
He also guest-starred as Hercules in episodes of the spin-off series Xena : Warrior Princess and provided the voice of Hercules in the animated film Hercules and Xena - The Animated Movie : The Battle for Mount Olympus which released in 1998 .
The North London Line platforms are being redeveloped as part of the extension of the DLR from Canning Town to Stratford International via , which would see a more frequent service to , although passengers to NLL destinations beyond will have to change .
Muhammad Zaman Sagar , a field linguist is working on this language .
In Artistic billiards , sometimes called fantasy billiards or -LRB- in French -RRB- fantaisie classique , players compete at performing 76 preset shots of varying difficulty .
Among the crowd was Joe DiMaggio , who was reported to have been infuriated by the spectacle .
Champion had grown up playing piano , guitar , bass , and tin whistle ; he quickly learned the drums , despite having no previous experience .
Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 ek is especially fond of using Dick 's short stories to articulate the ideas of Jacques Lacan .
The show , which began in October 2008 , features a Japanese girl named Yuna -LRB- formerly referred to as Hanako -RRB- in place of Lilo , and is set on a fictional island in Okinawa prefecture instead of Hawaii .
Because of the unexpected darker and more grown up subject matter -LRB- the movie includes a scene in which a dog almost drowns while hanging from a bridge -RRB- , the movie was not received as well critically as the first Babe movie was , and reviews were generally mixed .
The aÃ aÃ palm -LRB- Euterpe oleracea -RRB- is a species of palm tree in the genus Euterpe cultivated for their fruit and superior hearts of palm .
In appearance it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy .
Puerto Rico has three principal political parties , the Independence Puerto Rican Party -LRB- socialdemocracy -RRB- , New Progressive Party -LRB- PNP -RRB- that is the Puerto Rico statehood party , and the Popular Democratic Party -LRB- PPD -RRB- that is the colonialist party .
The Lookouts drummer TrÃ Cool became areplacement , and then became a permanent replacement because Sobrante did not want to come back .
Branches from the Pakenham line at Caulfield station .
The town and Partido were established by provincial law on December 21 , 1961 .
He received a shot at the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion The Great Sasuke at NJPW Skydiving J but lost the match .
In this environment , it was a predator at the top of the food chain , probably preying on other large dinosaurs like the hadrosaur Saurolophus or the sauropod Nemegtosaurus .
The first soundtrack , Moulin Rouge !
As the traditional view of billiards as a refined and noble pastime did not blend well with the low-class connotations of gambling , the billiards industry began to distance itself from the term pool beginning in the late 19th century .
Jimmie Kenneth Johnson -LRB- born September 17 , 1975 -RRB- , is an American stock car driver from El Cajon , California .
She has also made appearances on shows such as Oliver Beene , Six Feet Under , The Guardian , and General Hospital .
The out-and-back coaster is 24 f tall and travels a course of 700 f. It was awarded the ACE Coaster Classic award by the American Coaster Enthusiasts .
In order to keep the movie division alive during this difficult time , the studio released four package films including this one , made up of various unrelated segments set to music .
It also includes some underwear , such as the jockstrap .
Troodon is a genus of relatively small , bird-like dinosaurs from the Upper Cretaceous period , 75-65 million years ago .
Molasses is the base for making rum . Sometimes , Vodka is also made from molasses .
The List of subcamps of Sachsenhausen identifies forced labor facilities of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp .
A flat piece of heat-absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the latter .
Cabell 's eighth -LRB- and best-known -RRB- book , Jurgen , A Comedy of Justice -LRB- 1919 -RRB- , was the subject of a celebrated obscenity case shortly after its publication .
It was found on June 4 , 2002 by Chad Trujillo and Michael Brown at the California Institute of Technology .
A polo ground in Shaksgam was built by the Amacha Royal family of Shigar , and the Rajas of Shigar used to invite the Amirs of Yarkand to play polo there .
They play in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania at the Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza .
Its biggest tributary , Trabuco Creek or Arroyo Trabuco , is about 21 m long , flowing south from the Santa Ana Mountains into San Juan Creek . Oso Creek is a smaller tributary to Trabuco Creek , but has a lot of water in it the entire year .
She has started a movement in painting that she has named Transpressionism .
Located on the River Pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .
Their first demo , `` Rivfader '' -LRB- `` Ripfather '' -RRB- , was recorded about a year later , in 1998 .
In addition to the flooding , Tropical Storm Tammy spawned one tornado .
Within the limited membership is a designated military division , with its own unique insignia ; though it has not been abolished , it is currently unpopulated , the Earl Mountbatten of Burma having been the last person so honored .
It lies off the Atlantic Ocean and is surrounded by Maryland and Virginia .
He has given a talk for Duke University 's Program in Genetics and Genomics as part of their Distinguished Lecturer Series .
Another one-movement concerto was the KonzertstÃ 1\/4 ck in F minor for piano and orchestra .
The history of Shimane starts with Japanese mythology .
Meanwhile , arsenic poisoning as a result of the natural occurrence of arsenic compounds in drinking water remains a problem for many parts of the world including the United States .
Web browsers employ a built-in web cache , but some internet service providers or organizations also use a caching proxy server , which is a web cache that is shared among all users of that network .
The poem was inspired by the apocryphal story that a young Jesus , accompanied by his uncle Joseph of Arimathea , traveled to the area that is now England and visited Glastonbury .
The Misfits ' third album , Earth A.D. , and the early work of Glenn Danzig 's subsequent band Samhain inaugurated the style .
Since quarks have a spin of 1\/2 , the difference in quark-number between mesons and baryons results in mesons being bosons while baryons are fermionsâ '' that is , mesons have integer spin while baryons have half-integer spin .
Triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees .
A strong tropical storm moved through South Carolina and the Outer Banks of North Carolina before moving northwest of Bermuda during the last week of August .
A Chicago Tribune report from 2003 states that `` many successful mainstream artists in most genres of musicâ '' perhaps a majority of artistsâ '' are using pitch correction '' .
Following the murder of a Catholic taxi driver in Portadown in July 1996 , the Mid-Ulster Brigade of the UVF was expelled .
Before the 2010 General election he was Secretary of State for International Development , afterwards he became the Shadow Secretary of State for International Development and is now Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions .
The EU has stated its mission will be legally based on United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244 , which introduced the international rule of Kosovo in 1999 .
The 14 September 1648 the Treaty of Eilenburg was made and meant the end of the Thirty Years ' War for total Saxony .
The score he composed for the film is described as `` very large '' compared to his other work , and Zigman commented that `` Aside from the minimalist stuff and coloring that I love to do , I also like big orchestral stuff , and want to do more of that , and this film enabled me to spread my wings out a bit . ''
His contributions to art came in a period that historians call the Dutch Golden Age .
Nazi leaders believed that it was wrong for the master race to smoke and that tobacco consumption was equal to `` racial degeneracy '' .
Examination of hazelnuts may show a neat round hole in the shell .
He remained on the backbenches for almost a decade , before finally becoming a minister following de Valera 's retirement as Taoiseach in 1959 .
Friedel Lutz -LRB- born 21 January , 1939 -RRB- is a former German football player .
World number one Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark was the number one seed .
In addition to the malicious code threat , the use of instant messaging at work also creates a risk of non-compliance to laws and regulations governing the use of electronic communications in businesses .
The white -LRB- Argent -RRB- top segment -LRB- the Chief -RRB- , shows a ship at sea in full sail .
As the name suggests , such directories were originally printed on yellow paper , as opposed to white pages for non-commercial listings .
Its headquarters are in Berlin , Germany .
The USS Arizona Memorial is in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii . It is to remember the sailors killed when Pearl Harbor was attacked on December 7 , 1941 by the Japanese .
A very large house belonging to a Dutt family still stands tall in Miani with the name ` Krishen Niwas ' inscribed in Hindi on the elaborately carved , large wooden doors -LRB- for which Miani & Bhera were famous -RRB- .
MatÃ as Ariel FernÃ ndez FernÃ ndez -LRB- born 15 May 1986 -RRB- is a Chilean footballer who plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal in Portugal .
Just as the British government had finally given up any hopes of replacing the rupee in India with the pound sterling , it simultaneously realized , and for the same reasons , that they could not easily replace the silver dollar in the Straits Settlements with the Indian rupee , as had been the desire of the British East India Company .
However , he can not capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box .
`` 30,000 Pounds of Bananas '' , sometimes spelled `` Thirty-Thousand Pounds of Bananas '' , is a song by Harry Chapin from his 1974 album , Verities & Balderdash .
Anne Josephine Robinson -LRB- born 26 September 1944 -RRB- is an English television presenter and television game show hostess who is most famous for hosting the BBC game show , The Weakest Link which earned her the nickname `` Queen of Mean '' . She was also one of the presenters on the long-running British consumer affairs series , Watchdog , from 1993 to 2001 .
Over time , Adams and others pointed to Republican electoral successes in the early and mid-1980s , when hunger strikers Bobby Sands and Kieran Doherty were elected to the British House of Commons and DÃ il Ã ireann respectively , and they advocated that Sinn FÃ in become increasingly political and base its influence on electoral politics rather than paramilitarism .
They lived with his maternal grandparents at 2129 Ida Place -LRB- now Ward Place -RRB- , NW in the West End neighborhood of Washington , D.C. His father , James Edward Ellington was born in Lincolnton , North Carolina on April 15 , 1879 and moved to Washington , D.C. in 1886 with his parents .
Goustranville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
They are evergreen , dioecious plants having large pinnately compound leaves .
To compromise is to make a deal where one person gives up part of his or her demand .
On July 26 , 2009 , halfway through her term as governor , Sarah Palin resigned .
Longfellow was the most popular poet of his day and is generally regarded as the most distinguished poet the country had produced .
Sales of the CD32 in Europe were not enough to save Commodore , and the bankruptcy of Commodore International in April 1994 caused the CD32 to be discontinued only months after its debut . During its short life the Amiga CD32 shifted approximately 100,000 units .
The family was lower middle class , but relatively well-off for the neighborhood , and had enough money to give Gustav with a high-quality education .
Because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel , it is more suitable for volume car production than fibreglass .
The fire destroyed 10 to 25 % of the city , and some unburned parts of the city were ransacked .
Historically , reed pens , quill pens , and dip pens were used .
Low Moor is a city of Iowa in the United States .
For their service after 1994 , see London Underground 1992 Stock
Layla is a song by Derek and the Dominos . The song first appeared on the album Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs .
The tellurate ion is TeO42 or TeO66 .
Different levels of abstraction might be denoted by a progression of arrows joining boxes or ellipses in multiple rows , where the arrows point from one row to another , in a series of other graphs , say graph 2 , etc.
The first object is an indirect object , the second is a direct object .
The snout is blunt with tiny , sharp teeth in both jaws .
From the top of the mountain where Atlas held up the sky , they see Artemis taking on his burden .
In mathematics , two integers -LRB- a and b -RRB- are coprime -LRB- or relatively prime -RRB- if they share no common factors .
Under questioning Grace readily admitted that her story was untrue , and said she had been told what to say by Jane Southworth 's uncle , Christopher Southworth aka Thompson , a Jesuit priest who was in hiding in the Samlesbury area ; Southworth was the chaplain at Samlesbury Hall , and Jane Southworth 's uncle by marriage .
The Province of Asti -LRB- It . Provincia di Asti -RRB- is a province in the Piedmont region of northern Italy .
This was published as the British Catalogue of Stars .
Four hundred coral species , both hard corals and soft corals inhabit the reef .
A skilled player can refill the air in their lungs , and with practice can keep a note playing for as long as desired .
Nikolai Ivanovich Vavilov -LRB- 25 November 1887 â `` 26 January 1943 -RRB- was a Russian botanist and geneticist .
The Montreal Wanderers withdrew early in January 1918 after their rink , the Westmount Arena , burned down .
In the FIDE World Chess Championship 2000 he made it to the semi finals .
Binda was found by the explorers James Meehan and John Oxley in 1820 .
In 2008 , Rise Against recorded their fifth album Appeal to Reason with the help of guitarist Zach Blair , who is now a permanent member and has known the band for many years .
But , the Duchies did not want to be joined to Great Britain , so their constitutions constitutions stopped the King and heir apparent of Great Britain from becoming Duke if other eligible male heirs exist . . Therefore after Edward , Prince of Wales was his next brother , Alfred , Duke of Edinburgh .
The museum is sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
Å 1\/2 eljko Kalac -LRB- ; born 16 December 1972 -RRB- is a retired Australian football goalkeeper .
The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the official name for the largest Christian church in Egypt .
Guebert attended training camp with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2003 , appearing in one exhibition game against Winnipeg .
Ancient dry riverbedsâ '' called omurambaâ '' traverse the Central Northern reaches of the Kalahari and provide standing pools of water during the rainy season .
His former wife , Oksana , is reported in the Borat film to have been attacked , `` violated '' , and `` broken '' by a bear while taking his brother Bilo for a walk in the forest .
The Lancia Thema is a automobile produced by Lancia .
The 2003 â `` 04 regular season was also the first one -LRB- excluding the lockout-shortened 1994 â `` 95 season -RRB- since 1967 â `` 68 in which there was neither a 50-goal scorer , nor a 100-point scorer .
This is a list of teams that once played in the National Hockey League but no longer exist .
Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Under Daubert , certain factors contribute to the reliability , and hence the admissibility , of expert testimony , one of which is the general validity of the expert 's methods .
SebastiÃ # o Miranda da Silva Filho , usually called Mirandinha , -LRB- born 26 February 1952 -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer who was included in the 1974 FIFA World Cup squad of the Brazil national football team .
The connection between the end of the small intestine -LRB- ileum -RRB- and the start of the colon -LRB- cecum -RRB- is now clearly understood , but the name has not changed .
In 1985 , Martin Laing , of the sixth generation of the founding family , became chairman .
`` First Article -- Men are born and remain free and equal in rights .
He plays for Tokushima Vortis .
Instead , Henry would be required to ask for the lands from Richard .
52 genera and more than 1300 species , distributed throughout tropical Africa , Asia , and the Americas .
Interstate 69 -LRB- I-69 -RRB- is an Interstate Highway in the United States .
Martorell himself was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue , leading to a colleague , Marti Joan de Galba , finishing the novel .
Cascada is a German music group who are most famous for their songs `` Everytime We Touch '' , `` What Hurts the Most '' and `` Evacuate the Dancefloor '' .
Leon County 's seat is Tallahassee .
Magnesium ions are sour to the taste , and in low concentrations help to impart a natural tartness to fresh mineral waters .
Tando Allahyar -LRB- Urdu : Ù Ù Ú Ù Ø Ù Ù Û Û Ø Ø , Sindhi : Ù 1\/2 Ù Ú Ù Ø Ù Ù Ù Ø Ø -RRB- is a town in Sindh , Pakistan .
Villons-les-Buissons is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Zetzwil is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Hot chocolate -LRB- also known as hot cocoa or just cocoa -RRB- is a heated beverage typically consisting of shaved chocolate , melted chocolate or cocoa powder , heated milk or water , and sugar .
The 2009 â `` 10 Nashville Predators season is the Nashville Predators ' eleventh season in the National Hockey League .
A VIPoma -LRB- also known as Verner Morrison syndrome , after the physicians who first described it -RRB- is a rare -LRB- 1 per 10,000,000 per year -RRB- endocrine tumor , usually -LRB- about 90 % -RRB- originating in the pancreas , that produces vasoactive intestinal peptide -LRB- VIP -RRB- .
Modes of limited transposition are a kind of musical scale .
The ICJ began its working from 1946 . It replaced an earlier similar court named Permanent Court of International Justice .
Oberentfelden is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Technical origami , also known as origami sekkei , is a field of origami that has developed almost hand-in-hand with the field of mathematical origami .
Rita made landfall near the Texas-Louisiana border on September 24 .
BBC News 24 interrupted normal programming to broadcast the riots live on television and ITN 's flagship News at Ten program gave extensive coverage to the riots .
The popular Shark Bay world heritage area lies to the south of the town and the Ningaloo Reef lies to the north .
This page is a list of Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- contracted London Bus routes in London , as well as private services that enter the Greater London area -LRB- except coaches -RRB- .
This was not due to a negation of the relationship between the two philosophers , however , but rather was the result of a suggested censorship by Heidegger 's publisher who feared that the book might otherwise be banned by the Nazi regime .
Graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in Los Angeles in 1949 , for which he erected circus tents in a parking lot . The Los Angeles revival is considered to be the time when Graham became a national religious figure .
Joliet is 40 miles southwest of Chicago , and is the county seat of Will County .
The name of that country stuck as the name of the bird .
Duke relaxes on a tropical island when he discovers that the aliens are having their own `` vacation '' there .
For example , Google provides a `` Cached '' link next to each search result .
Amt - Funktion - Person .
The name was first given to Viscum album -LRB- European Mistletoe , Santalaceae -RRB- , the only species native in Great Britain and much of Europe .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED `` AS IS '' , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
These two factors combine to make Kota Kinabalu one of the fastest growing cities in Malaysia .
If the culprit had disappeared or was already dead , the vengeance could extend to other relatives .
Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The speech is very important in the popular culture of the United States . However , people are not sure about the exact words of the speech .
It is located in the greater area of the town of Brookhaven .
Dmitri Leonidovich Radchenko -LRB- ; born December 2 , 1970 in Leningrad -RRB- is a retired Russian footballer , who played as a striker .
Digital faders are also referred to as virtual faders , since they can be viewed on the screen of a digital audio workstation .
During the 2002 and 2003 This Side tour , Nickel Creek performed mainly as a headlining act , but also opened five shows for John Mayer in November 2002 in Upstate New York and New England , and toured with Gillian Welch and David Rawlings earlier in the year .
After unifying the region with his kingdom in the early 700s BC , king Argishtis I of Urartu resettled many of its inhabitants to his newly built city of Erebuni -LRB- modern day Armenian capital Yerevan -RRB- .
The kingdom established by the Maccabees was a conscious attempt to revive the Judah described in the bible : a Jewish monarchy ruled from Jerusalem and stretching over all the territories once ruled by David and Solomon .
Sainte-Marie-Laumont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Jama ` at al-Muslimin -LRB- Society of Muslims -RRB- , popularly known as Takfir wal-Hijra -LRB- Arabic Ø Ù Ù Ù Ø Ù Ø Ù Ù Ø Ø Ø -- Excommunication and Exodus -RRB- , was a radical Islamist group which emerged in Egypt in the 1960s as an offshoot of Muslim Brotherhood .
He has been married twice .
Theuriet received in 1890 the ' from the French Academy , of which he became a member in 1896 .
Some comets orbit -LRB- go around -RRB- together in groups . Astronomers think these comets are broken pieces that used to be one object .
Miami Ink is a television show on TLC about tattoos .
The remnants gradually became more diffuse over the following two days while moving generally northeastward , through portions of Utah , Colorado , Idaho and Wyoming .
Flavors of Entanglement is the seventh studio album by rock singer Alanis Morissette .
In this category are people from the European country Italy .
Among them Sukkur city and new Sukkur are urban center while Pano Aqil is famous for having one of largest military cantonment of the country .
U.S. television networks devoted much air time to the search for Holloway , the investigation of her disappearance , and rumors surrounding the case .
It passed over the Azores , and it stopped being a subtropical cyclone on October 5 .
I never ease into a role â `` every part I play is just a variant of my own personality .
Avatar is set in an Asian-influenced world of Chinese martial arts in which psychic elemental manipulation is possible .
There are also sources originating from the documentation of the Ustase themselves and of the Vatican .
He became music director of the then newly formed RIAS Symphony Orchestra in Germany in 1949 .
Beverly Hills and the neighboring city of West Hollywood are together entirely surrounded by the city of Los Angeles .
La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Sergei Parajanov -LRB- , ; , Sargis Hovsepi Parajanyan ; , Serhiy Yosypovych Paradzhanov ; Sergey Iosifovich Paradzhanov ; also spelled Paradzhanov or Paradjanov -RRB- -LRB- January 9 , 1924 â '' July 20 , 1990 -RRB- was an Armenian film director and artist .
Bragg was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1907 .
Based on this cladistic analysis , Mahakala suggests that the ancestral condition for dromaeosaurids is non-volant .
Most of the discs were given to record companies and friends ; only 50 copies remained for sale to the public .
The Hassan II Mosque is located in Casablanca . It is the largest mosque in Morocco and the third largest mosque in the world after -LRB- i -RRB- the Masjid al-Haram -LRB- Grand Mosque -RRB- of Mecca and -LRB- ii -RRB- the Al-Masjid al-Nabawi -LRB- Prophet 's Mosque -RRB- in Medina .
Dave Hampton and Caleb Chung spent nine months creating the Furby -LRB- in addition to nine months spent designing the toy -RRB- .
The building was opened on October 19 , 1916 , one day after the monument for the Battle of the Nations .
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy is a science fiction comedy series by Douglas Adams .
However , because the area of the oceans of the land hemisphere is still bigger than its land area , the land hemisphere means the hemisphere where most land is , but not the hemisphere where the land area is bigger than the ocean area .
Stephen William Bragg -LRB- born 20 December 1957 -RRB- , better known as Billy Bragg , is an English alternative rock musician and left wing activist .
The Sarrasani theater was destroyed on 13 February 1945 during the Bombing of Dresden in World War II .
The dark red color of these rocks comes from iron oxide . However , not all the Old Red Sandstone is red or sandstone â '' the sequence also includes conglomerates , mudstones , siltstones and thin limestones and colors can range from gray and green through red to purple .
It made landfall near Cape Fear on the 16th and went out to sea that night , eventually well to the north of Bermuda just offshore the Canadian Maritimes .
However scrutiny with modern telescopic lenses reveals that the buildings are mere concrete shells lacking window glass or even interior rooms , with the building lights turned on and off at set times and the empty sidewalks swept by a skeleton crew of caretakers in an effort to preserve the illusion of activity .
Young also had 76 career shutouts , the fourth most in history .
They were briefly left without a drummer until they were able to lure Skin Yard drummer Matt Cameron away from his band .
The most significant and rapid genetic reorganization occurs in extremely small populations that have been isolated -LRB- as on islands -RRB- .
St Francis is most famous for founding -LRB- beginning -RRB- a religious order of Friars -LRB- Brothers -RRB- called the Franciscan , in 1208 . One of St Francis ' followers , St. Clare was also born in Assisi and founded an order of religious women called the Poor Clares .
Zinc is used in alloys . Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc .
It is named after builder William Baker , who laid the street out in the 18th century .
Other than its orbit , radius of 45 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it .
A new part of track was built to counteract the problem , and the resultant 4.359 k course proved more successful .
Franklin suffered a tragedy when her mother died in Buffalo when Aretha was ten .
And in Eurasia , it operates in the Mediterranean Sea , the North Sea and China .
Freud sought to anchor this pattern of development in the dynamics of the mind .
Kato and Hozumi progressed to the final , where they faced Mestach and Schuurs who knocked out the third seeds Natalija KostiÄ and Ilona Kremen in a match tiebreaker .
Yao is currently the tallest player in the NBA , at .
Beauvechain -LRB- Walloon : BÃ vÃ tchÃ , -RRB- is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Los Angeles would eventually host the Olympics four years later in 1932 .
Most observers believe that Hearst appreciated Graham 's patriotism and appeals to youth and thought that Graham would be helpful in promoting Hearst 's conservative anti-communist views .
Colombia signed a Free Trade Agreement with the United States to the opposition of Venezuela .
In their usual habitat , chinchillas live either in burrows , or in crevices of rocks .
The North Stand is the most recent addition to Oakwell Stadium and is a large covered singled tiered seating area with a capacity for 6,000 spectators .
At the November 2006 groundbreaking for a new ballpark for the New York Mets , Citi Field , it was announced that the main entrance , modeled on the one in Brooklyn 's old Ebbets Field , would be called the Jackie Robinson Rotunda .
In 1994 , a tissue sample from Andersen in a hospital was used for DNA tests with the blood of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh . Prince Philip was a grandnephew of Empress Alexandra .
Rostrenen is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
`` Single Ladies -LRB- Put a Ring on It -RRB- '' - is a song by American R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles . It was written by The-Dream , Tricky Stewart and BeyoncÃ Knowles for her third solo album , I Am ... Sasha Fierce -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
In addition to the nature of democracy under Fujimori , Peruvians were becoming increasingly interested in the myriad criminal allegations involving Fujimori and his chief of the National Intelligence Service , Vladimiro Montesinos .
Alex Song -LRB- born 9 September 1987 -RRB- is a Cameroonian football player . He plays for Arsenal and Cameroon national team .
Skin Yard was a rock band from Seattle , Washington , who were active from 1985 to 1992 .
John Dowland -LRB- born 1563 ; buried 20 February 1626 -RRB- was an English composer and lutenist .
Hibari Misora was a Japanese singer and actress . The style of music she sang was enka .
Vincly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
; CD-Maxi Hansa 74321 57357 2 -LRB- BMG -RRB- \/ EAN 0743215735724 16.03.1998
Two years later , Metric released their second studio album on October 4 , Live It Out .
He was not only revered as a towering figure in literature , he was a statesman who shaped the Third Republic and democracy in France .
An unexpected residue caught his eye . It turned out to be the first aniline dye , mauveine .
In Drenthe there is many heathland .
Clapham Junction railway station is a railway station located in Battersea in the London Borough of Wandsworth .
The river Indus passes from north to south on western side of the district and touches D.G. Khan .
There was a battle , and the Earl of Lincoln was killed .
Snowball II was named after Snowball I. Though Snowball I had white fur , which inspired her name , Snowball II had black fur .
Before there was regular communication between the two hemispheres , the different types of domesticated animals and diseases were much larger in the Old World than in the New .
The Montreal Canadiens beat the New York Rangers in the Stanley Cup finals four games to one for their fourth Cup in a row .
The New York Harbor is the area describing the broad waterways of the estuary near the mouth of the Hudson River that empty into New York Bay .
Koichi Kawai -LRB- born 29 March 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The novel was adapted for the screen under the title The Mighty by Charles Leavitt ; the film was shot in Toronto , Canada and Cincinnati , Ohio , and directed by Peter Chelsom , and released in 1998 .
I do not have to acknowledge anyone who lives by welfare , denies the very state that provides that welfare , refuses to care for the education of his children and constantly produces new little headscarf-girls . ''
Buried Alive : The Elements of Love is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher , with pictures by Andrew Moore .
Titanosaurus was 9-12 metres -LRB- 30-40 ft -RRB- long and weighed about 13 tons .
His name may refer to the scorpion goddess Serket .
Anna Maria Luisa was the only daughter of Cosimo III de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany , and Marguerite Louise d'Orl Ã ans , a niece of Louis XIII of France .
In its native Morocco it is often paired in hunting with the Sloughi , which chases down prey that the Aidi has located by sniffing it out .
The UIC classification of locomotive axle arrangements describes the wheel arrangement of locomotives , multiple units and trams .
The instruction set is thus specific to a class of processors using -LRB- much -RRB- the same architecture .
Homeward Bound II : Lost in San Francisco is the 1996 sequel to the 1993 film Homeward Bound : The Incredible Journey .
As of 2000 , the population was 11,792 .
Hindus in Maharashtra follow the Saka era calendar .
In circular sections , the resultant shearing stress is perpendicular to the radius .
Like many Javanese , Suharto has only one name .
Bad Liebenwerda is a spa town in the Elbe-Elster district , in southwestern Brandenburg , Germany .
Medieval Mulhouse consists essentially of a lower and an upper town .
Since the Duke of Saxony was considered one of the prince-electors electing a new Holy Roman Emperor , conflict arose between the lines of Lauenburg and Wittenberg over the issue of who should cast Saxony 's vote .
And Green Day are as good as this stuff gets . ''
Saint-Julien-Vocance is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Many brooms -LRB- though not all -RRB- are fire-climax species , adapted to regular stand-replacing fires which kill the above-ground parts of the plants , but create conditions for regrowth from the roots and also for germination of stored seeds in the soil .
John Hancock , the famous signer of the United States Declaration of Independence , signed the school 's articles of incorporation .
He demonstrated it at the New York exposition in the Crystal Palace in a dramatic , death-defying presentation in 1854 .
Early in March 2006 , Hino Motors , a Toyota Motor Co. subsidiary , announced that it will be the first Japanese truck manufacturer to build its vehicles in Canada with a new Woodstock plant slated to begin production in April 2006 , in the former General Seating plant in the Pattullo Ridge Business Park near Highway 401 and Highway 59 .
In Canada , the naval debate came down to a choice between two options : either the young country could provide funds , support and manpower to the Royal Navy , or it could form its own navy , which could help support the Royal Navy if necessary .
Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil , `` Hunted Down '' was released in June 1987 as the band 's first single .
Karol Wojtyla , who would later become became Pope John-Paul II was influenced by Husserl . Phenomenology appears in a work co-authored by him , The Acting Person -LRB- 1969 -RRB- .
Cimadera is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In this simple example we use the English alphabet of 26 characters from a-z . Thus we can not encrypt numbers , commas , spaces and other symbols .
The Center City Commuter Connection , commonly referred to as `` the commuter tunnel '' , is a passenger railroad tunnel in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , built to connect the stub ends of the two separate regional commuter rail systems , originally operated by two rival railroad companies : the Pennsylvania Railroad and the Reading Railroad .
It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae .
His nature was disorderly , his education was imperfect , and , after futile attempts to obtain a degree in medicine or law , he made an imprudent marriage at the age of twenty , broke with his relatives and became a journalist .
Ulrich â Uliâ HoeneÃ -LRB- born 5 January 1952 -RRB- is a former German footballer , who played as a forward .
An exhibition game -LRB- also known as an exhibition match , exhibition , demonstration , demo , exhibit or friendly -RRB- is a sporting event in which there is no competitive value of any significant kind to any competitor -LRB- such as tournament or season rankings , or prize money -RRB- regardless of the outcome of the competition .
The National Hurricane Center said that Vince was the first tropical cyclone known to hit the Iberian Peninsula .
Link 's Crossbow Training is a shooter video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console .
Elysian Valley is a neighborhood of the city of Los Angeles , California .
The sketch quickly became NBC.com 's most-watched viral video ever , with 5.7 million views by the following Wednesday .
This in turn derives from the Proto-Indo-European root \* bhrgh meaning `` fortified elevation '' , with cognates including Welsh `` bera '' , `` stack '' and Sanskrit bhrant - `` high , elevated building '' .
Deming edited a series of lectures delivered by Shewhart at USDA , Statistical Method from the Viewpoint of Quality Control , into a book published in 1939 .
Naturalised German-born Jacques Mieses was awarded the GM title in 1950 ; and Jonathan Penrose was awarded the title retrospectively .
E la du permanis silence .
After turning to the northeast , Beryl weakened over cooler waters .
Kabir -LRB- 1440 ?
This is a list of Major League Baseball players by last name .
The effects produced by BZP are comparable to those produced by amphetamine .
Three master carvers from this period carved khachkars in Noraduz , the most notable of whom was Kiram Kazmogh -LRB- 1551-1610 -RRB- , his contemporaries were Arakel and Meliset .
He became a frequent target of the Portuguese secret police , the PIDE .
In the years 1908 -- 1914 Grabowski was in charge of the first Esperanto courses for a few schools in Warsaw .
Golant railway station was situated beside the river south of the village .
Because none of the major political events were changed in the book , Adichie said that the book had `` emotional truth , '' and that the book showed the war had a large impact on the people of Nigeria .
Yohei Sato -LRB- born 22 November 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Currently , there are ten subspecies , including the one that gives the name -LRB- called nominate subspecies -RRB- .
La Bouilladisse is a commune of 4,904 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
In IE7 and later , when the cache is cleared , the cache files are more reliably removed , and the index .
St. Anne 's Catholic Secondary School -LRB- also referred to as St. Anne 's CSS or stannes -RRB- is a Catholic high school in Clinton , Ontario .
The will be substituted with the template 's name when parsed by the servers .
__ FORCETOC __ The Chicago Blackhawks are a professional ice hockey team based in Chicago , Illinois .
Miguel Ã ngel GonzÃ lez SuÃ rez -LRB- born 24 December 1947 in Ourense , Galicia -RRB- , known as Miguel Ã ngel , is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
Articles about individual sports in a particular year or specific seasons of individual sporting leagues .
It is worth emphasizing that those distant regions of space are taken to exist and be part of reality as much as we are ; yet we can never interact with them , even in principle .
In antiquity , the river was viewed as the border between Europe and Asia by some ancient Greek geographers .
Squamates are a monophyletic group that is a sister group to the tuatara .
In 2004 Edwards joined with Paula Radcliffe on an Olympic Special Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? .
A sixteen and a quarter acre former brickworking on Maine Road was purchased for Â # 5,500 .
The goal judge is an official positioned off ice behind each goal for the specific purpose of indicating when the puck has crossed the goal line and entered the goal . For arenas so equipped , the goal judge turns on a red light behind the goal when he sees the puck cross the goal line .
Cheffois is a commune of the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Saint-Romain-la-Virv Ã e is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Montreal is built on an island sitting in the Saint Lawrence River .
Super Bowl XXXV was played on January 28 , 2001 at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida to decide the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- champion following the 2000 regular season .
Cheignieu-la-Balme is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Arsenal also has a women 's team called Arsenal Ladies F.C. .
Germany , Australia , France , and Greece are the other nations to have hosted the Summer Olympics twice .
Bragg was an able and popular lecturer ; he encouraged the formation of the student union , and the attendance , free of charge , of science teachers at his lectures .
The North American Beaver -LRB- Castor canadensis -RRB- , also called the Canadian Beaver -LRB- which is also the name of a subspecies -RRB- , American Beaver , or simply Beaver in North America , is native to Canada , much of the United States and parts of northern Mexico . The chief feature distinguishing C. canadensis from C. fiber is the form of the nasal bones of the skull .
Pepsi encouraged price-watching consumers to switch , obliquely referring to the Coca-Cola standard of six ounces per bottle for the price of five cents -LRB- a nickel -RRB- , instead of the 12 ounces Pepsi sold at the same price .
The two side-spans are suspension bridges , each 270 f long , with the suspension rods anchored both at the abutments and through rods contained within the bridge 's upper walkways .
However , during the following night Grendel 's Mother arrived to avenge the death of Grendel and collect weregild . As Beowulf slept in a different building he could not stop her .
Officially , the games lasted for four and a half months ; in fact , James Edward Sullivan tried to hold an event every day for the duration of the fair .
This fast response has led to suggestions that the ocelli of insects are used mainly in flight , because they can be used to detect sudden changes in which way is up -LRB- because light , especially UV light which is absorbed by vegetation , usually comes from above -RRB- .
The population was 170 at the 2000 census .
It can be caused by viral infections such as canine distemper , canine adenovirus , canine parainfluenza virus , or canine respiratory coronavirus , or bacterial infections such as Bordetella bronchiseptica .
Manzanillo is a city in Colima in Mexico .
Being nearly landlocked affects the Mediterranean Sea 's properties ; for instance , tides are very limited as a result of the narrow connection with the Atlantic Ocean .
Influenza A and C infect multiple species , while influenza B almost exclusively infects humans .
A subset of the Grand Council is the Honours and Awards Committee , which considers all recommendations for appointment or promotion into the grade of Bailiff or Dame Grand Cross , appointment or promotion into any grade of a person not resident within any priory 's territory , and advises the Grand Council in respect of the award of the Life-Saving Medal and Service Medal .
In one game , the Bruins shut out Toronto 6 â `` 0 , while they lost the other game 8 â `` 0 .
From the first navigations of the Southern Ocean in the 16th century , lands which subsequently proved to be nonexistent had from time to time been reported in these waters .
Canada makes limited use of separation of powers in practice , although in theory it distinguishes between branches of government .
StarÄ eviÄ would be reelected to the parliament in 1865 , 1871 , and from 1878 to his death .
; 1 : -LRB- the first unnamed parameter -RRB- Text that appears centered in the titlebar -LRB- the top bar -RRB- .
Super Mario Galaxy is a video game by Nintendo .
MarÃ a RosalÃ a Rita de Castro , simply known as RosalÃ a de Castro -LRB- ; 24 February 1837 -- 15 July 1885 -RRB- , was a Galician romanticist writer and poet .
The template takes one parameter , .
India is now probably the world 's largest concentrator of heavy water , also used in nuclear power reactors .
In addition to research in primates , biologists are beginning to explore reconciliation in other animals .
Dozens of emergency workers and nearby residents were hospitalized and hundreds of thousands of others were forced to remain indoors for 24 hours .
She studied the oboe there , and the piano as a second instrument . She also played the cello and timpani .
Gellar met her future husband Freddie Prinze , Jr. , during filming of the 1997 teen horror film I Know What You Did Last Summer , but the two did not begin dating until 2000 .
Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement of the same name .
William John `` Magnet '' Fairbairn -LRB- born January 7 , 1947 -RRB- was a right wing in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers , Minnesota North Stars and St. Louis Blues .
Rosario Isabel Dawson -LRB- born May 9 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actress , singer , and writer .
The ejaculate is saved in a wad of animal skin and worn later to help conceive children .
Anglo-Saxon charters are documents from the early medieval period in Britain which usually make a grant of land or record a privilege .
It is important to note that some of the WCW wrestlers ' absences were out of the WWF 's control .
The ability to obtain any amount of information from the underlying ciphertext is considered a success .
Cross-platform transfer to the East West Line is provided at Jurong East , City Hall and Raffles Place stations while transfer to the North East Line is possible via a linkway at Dhoby Ghaut station .
Since opposite poles -LRB- north and south -RRB- attract , whereas like poles -LRB- north and north , or south and south -RRB- repel , the Earth 's present geographic north pole is thus actually its magnetic south pole .
An example is Archie Bunker 's Place , where Archie 's wife , Edith , died and the characters deal with her death .
Toa Payoh Town Garden was subsequently renamed as Toa Payoh Town Park .
Nicol joined WISPA and turned professional in 2000 when she won her first WISPA title , after only a month in the tour .
For the British dish Cromer crab , the meat is extracted and placed inside the hard shell .
He played college football at Michigan State .
Generally it is argued that NRT products are safer than smoking tobacco .
Ravenscraig is an area of land in North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
However , Joseph Haydn still gets credit for writing the timpani part at actual pitch with an F major key signature -LRB- instead of transposing with a C major key signature -RRB- , something that made things easier and made more sense .
Joe Doe The Example Company 604-555-1234 http://example.com/
Le Torquesne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
For this reason , some people do not believe in Bigfoot .
The following year Moore took second place yet again in the World Championship , held that year in Philadelphia .
The study also indicated that this would be more helpful than ejaculation through sexual intercourse because intercourse can transmit diseases that may increase the risk of cancer instead .
Possible uses include anonymous surfing , chatting , blogging and file transfers .
Following Zapata 's death , Joan Jett and Bikini Kill frontwoman Kathleen Hanna co-wrote a song -LRB- entitled `` Go Home '' -RRB- inspired by Zapata 's death . Jett also included a message at the end of her video for the song asking for any information anyone had in regards to Zapata 's murder .
Since 1984 , he has sat on the CDU 's regional party council of Lower Saxony , serving as its chairman since 1994 .
Hinche -LRB- Ench in KrÃ yÃ l -RRB- is a city in central Haiti .
The celebrity usually started the episode by coming out from the behind the curtain and saying `` my name is -LRB- Name -RRB- and I 've Got a Secret ! '' .
In great part because of her overtly pro-Chinese Communist sympathies she was arrested in Moscow in 1949 and charged by the Soviets with espionage .
Today , Hugo 's work continues to stimulate musicians to create new compositions .
He studied law , history and mathematics at Graz University , and after graduating moved back to Lemberg where he became a professor .
He served again as an Indian Commissioner , and was elected Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut in 1786 , assuming the Governorship on the death of Samuel Huntington in 1796 , and was reelected to the position , dying in office at the age of seventy-one in Farmington , Connecticut .
They were widely used in the Mesopotamia , Greece , Egypt , Ethiopia , and , quite independently , in China and some Buddhist cultures , and , more surely independently , by Mesoamerican civilisations , especially the Olmec and Maya .
During the Counter-Reformation the Roman Catholic Church searched for religious art with which to counter the threat of Protestantism , and for this task the artificial conventions of Mannerism , which had ruled art for almost a century , no longer seemed adequate .
At the 2006 census , Glenrowan had a population of 952 .
A fader is any device used for fading , especially when it is a knob or button that slides along a track or slot .
She is possibly best-remembered for her film noir femme fatale roles in director Fritz Lang 's movies such as The Woman in the Window -LRB- 1944 -RRB- and Scarlet Street -LRB- 1945 -RRB- .
Saint John or St. John usually refers to John the Apostle of the Bible .
Trosly-Loire is a commune found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Charlie Beech -LRB- born 21 July , 1987 in Stevenage , England -RRB- is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership .
In 1938 and 1939 , Neyland 's team set NCAA records when they did not allow a point in 17 straight games .
Mass nouns -LRB- or non-count nouns -RRB- differ from count nouns in precisely that respect : they ca n't take plural or combine with number words or quantifiers .
They also possess movable quadrate bones , making it possible to move the upper jaw relative to the braincase .
After he had been an assistant to the painter Neri di Bicci he started his own workshop . The shop was famous for its decorative works , a few of which can be seen in the cloistered church of Empoli .
This cipher algorithm was developed by two Belgian cryptographers , Joan Daemen and Vincent Rijmen , and submitted to the AES selection process under the name `` Rijndael '' , a portmanteau of the names of the inventors .
The first known European explorer to visit the region was the Dutch Willem Janszoon -LRB- whose name is also written as Jansz -RRB- in his 1606 voyage .
The main target species is Barramundi and the most popular locations are Yellow Water , the South Alligator and the East Alligator River .
He spoke many languages and spent time in Italy and Ottoman Turkey before going to the United States in 1854 .
It follows the Cambrian Period and is followed by the Silurian Period .
Neighbor districts are : Dillingen -LRB- district -RRB- , Augsburg -LRB- district -RRB- , UnterallgÃ u , Neu-Ulm -LRB- district -RRB- , and in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg : Alb-Donau and Heidenheim -LRB- district -RRB- ;
Joseph Chamberlain had had another son , Austen Chamberlain , by his first marriage .
Alto-relievo -LRB- high-relief -RRB- may been seen in the pediments of classical temples , e.g. the Parthenon .
The original and most famous was operated by the Delmonico family during the 19th and early 20th centuries , but the last family-owned restaurant closed due to a Prohibition-era slowdown in 1923 .
Contactless smart cards do not contain an ordinary read-only RFID , but they do contain a re-writable smart card microchip that can be transcribed via radio waves .
During his two terms , he led mediations between Britain and Argentina in the aftermath of the Falklands War and promoted the efforts of the Contadora Group to bring peace and stability to Central America .
In explaining why front man Liam Gallagher did not sing the song , Noel claimed that : '' -LRB- Vocally -RRB- Liam just could n't get that one .
Later , two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan while they are playing in the river .
In case the subdivision has more than nine entities , capital letters are used to continue the numbering .
Before the pigeons could do this , Shade and Marina escape to the cathedral , where the pigeons are afraid of the stone gargoyles .
Carlos JosÃ Castilho -LRB- 27 November 1927 â `` 2 February 1987 -RRB- was a former Brazilian football player .
Carpet-making finally ceased in Kilmarnock in early 2005 .
Hobart is a city in Lake County , Indiana , United States .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklebatchprotect .
Dog River , Deer River , and East Fowl River empty into the western side of the bay , and Fish River is across the bay on the eastern shore .
In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other , neighboring municipalities Gentilino and Montagnola to form a new and larger municipality Collina d'Oro .
Some of these software projects are related to databases , such as the Gizzard Scala framework and a distributed graph database called FlockDB .
Note : This page may be reformatted .
Grotto Masters are not spokespersons for the Church of Satan , nor are Grottoes local representations of the Church of Satan .
In vitro meat , also known as cultured meat , is animal flesh that has never been part of a complete , living animal . Several research projects are currently experimentally growing in vitro meat , but no meat has yet been produced for public consumption .
Mounds is a city in Pulaski County , Illinois , United States .
The current mayor of Auburn is Bill Ham , Jr.
The version of the song used in the music video features a remix of `` The Pink Panther Theme '' and a verse-rap from Bun B. The video was featured on the DVD of The Pink Panther .
It moved out to sea , last being seen on the 14th .
Friardel is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Murray Hill is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Towns located in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
This template is intended to be used as an infobox for an island or an archipelago .
Bernard II 1426 â `` 1463 joint rule with his brother Eric V until 1436 .
The production of interferon is an important host defense mechanism .
Kim Clijsters was the defending champion , and successfully defended her 2009 title , after she won 6 â `` 2 , 6 â `` 1 , against Vera Zvonareva in the final .
He did not quite see the Act of Union of 1707 , though the thrones of England and Scotland were held in personal union throughout his lifetime .
The Canowindra site has now been listed as part of Australia 's National Heritage because of its international scientific importance .
Additionally such a buffer may be feasible when a large block of data is assembled or disassembled -LRB- as required by a storage device -RRB- , or when data may be delivered in a different order than that in which it is produced .
Born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , Canary Islands , he moved to Madrid at the age of 20 where he spent most of his adult life .
This was first suggested by Mereschkowsky in 1905 after an observation by Schimper in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
A BBC Cyberman costume from the black & white era of TV has recently been discovered .
The album is the first of two albums representing the sixth Joker 's Card in the group 's Dark Carnival mythology .
The failure rate of a system usually depends on time , with the rate varying over the life cycle of the system .
Beetles ' antennae are primarily organs of smell , but may also be used to feel out a beetle 's environment physically .
He graduated on 15 November 1911 , and was a lieutenant in January 1912 .
It has many police and law enforcement officers such as ; the NYPD , the -LRB- MTA -RRB- Police -LRB- that used to be called the Metro North Commuter Railroad Police -RRB- , the Port Authority Police , the FBI , the Department of Homeland Security , the Drug Enforcement Administration , and U.S. Customs and others .
Wellington was originally established in 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as a agricultural station .
Stetten is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
The Deputy Commissioner , Miles Irving , did not know the background of these two men and suspected a greater conspiracy , and so ordered the arrest of the two men .
Mean daily temperatures in the dry season from May to October are around 40 Â C.
Balazuc is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Perlman was born in Tel Aviv which , three years later , became part of the state of Israel .
There are three generations of the Renault Clio .
-LRB- German , literally means ` liver cheese ' ; sometimes spelled LeberkÃ s or Leberka -LRB- a -RRB- s in Austria and the Swabian , Bavarian and Franconian parts of Germany and FleischkÃ se in Switzerland and the Tyrol -RRB- is a specialty food found in the south of Germany , in Austria and parts of Switzerland , similar to bologna sausage .
In mid-August they moved to the Osborne Hotel on the Gower Peninsula , where he produced at least eleven oil-paintings in and around Rotherslade Bay .
His conjecture was completely proved by Chebyshev -LRB- 1821 â `` 1894 -RRB- in 1850 and so the postulate is also called the Bertrand-Chebyshev theorem or Chebyshev 's theorem .
The flight of the United Empire Loyalists led to the creation of English Canada as a separate community .
Bertogne is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Initially , women protested because his designs covered up their legs , which they had been unused to because of the previous limitations on fabric .
The title is now Lord of Mann regardless of gender .
That year 's championship was won by Clark 's teammate , Graham Hill .
In April 2008 the stadium underwent a structural engineering evaluation after security measures requested by authorities were put in place .
The Merkland Road Stand is primarily for families .
It is also the center for the City of Latrobe .
Most developing countries have good renewable energy resources , including solar energy , wind power , geothermal energy , and biomass .
In 2001 , it was found that Patroclus is a binary object , made up of two asteroids which are almost the same size .
Ngata , of Tongan ancestry , was a starting defensive tackle for the University of Oregon before he entered the 2006 NFL Draft when he was drafted by the Ravens with the 12th pick in the first round , who acquired the pick from the Cleveland Browns for their first round pick and a sixth round pick .
They continue to the Mountain of Despair on California 's Mount Tamalpais , where Mt. Othrys , the Titan capital , now resides .
During the 1980s he published Loving a Woman in Two Worlds , The WingÃ d Life : Selected Poems and Prose of Thoreau , The Man in the Black Coat Turns , and A Little Book on the Human Shadow .
Paul Freiherr von Eltz-R Ã 1\/4 benach -LRB- 9 February 1875 - 25 August 1943 -RRB- was Minister of Mail -LRB- Reichspostminister -RRB- and Minister of Transport -LRB- Reichsminister fÃ 1\/4 r Verkehr -RRB- of Germany between 1932 and 1937 .
The novelist Lewis Grassic Gibbon -LRB- James Leslie Mitchell -RRB- attended school at what was the old Mackie Academy -LRB- now Arduthie Primary -RRB- .
Dromaeosaurus are featured in Walking with Dinosaurs , stalking juvenile Torosaurus and attempting to steal eggs from Tyrannosaurus , despite not coexisting with the two in reality .
Gene knockout in rats is much harder and has only been possible since 2003 .
The name of this genus is derived from the Greek words kallos -LRB- beautiful -RRB- and stoma -LRB- mouth -RRB- , referring to the pearly aperture .
It is made of sodium and bromide ions .
An increasing number of category manufacturers want to tap into the power of the BIONICLE universe , and the key for us now is to manage the excitement to stay true to the brand and the lifestyle of our core consumer . ''
26.8 % of the houses had no damage .
Bommes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He is currently starring as Sam Axe in Burn Notice on the USA Network .
Postgraduate Diploma in theories of art and aesthetics from the Institut supÃ rieur de Beaux-arts of Tunis .
Wandsworth is a district of south London , England , located in the London Borough of Wandsworth .
Kazushige Kirihata is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
In Moving Mars this knowledge is used to remove Mars from the solar system and transfer it to an orbit around a distant star .
The activities of Vaikundar is historically jointed with this Pathis .
Mountains may have up to 6 months of snow . Naturally the area would be a vast birch , pine and montane shrub forest , such as those surviving in Glen Affric .
In 1955 , Mailer , together with John Wilcock , Ed Fancher and Dan Wolf , first published The Village Voice , which began as an arts and politics oriented weekly newspaper distributed in Greenwich Village .
In Hawaii , SmackDown !
Following the success of their last album the band wanted to gain a more global success .
They are popular in small-office environments .
Collections of hymns are known as hymnals .
Claudio Gentile -LRB- born 27 September 1953 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
With an upper-level low situated just south of the center , the National Hurricane Center classified it as Subtropical Storm Olga at 0300 UTC on December 11 while located about 55 miles -LRB- 85 km -RRB- east of San Juan , Puerto Rico .
The exact error rate depends on the type of barcode .
Rolling Stone named it the twenty-second greatest album of all time .
The thorax -LRB- from Greek '' Î Ï Ï Î Î 3\/4 '' - thorax , `` breastplate , cuirass , corslet '' -RRB- is a division of an animal 's body that lies between the head and the abdomen .
It is right next to the Lincoln Memorial . The reflecting pool is long and can be seen in many photographs of the Washington Monument .
A court case in Colorado noted that students have a reduced expectation of personal privacy in regards to `` communal undress '' while showering after physical education classes .
Both Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson and Peter Pan by James Matthew Barrie are rooted in part on accounts of the island and its native and pirate inhabitants , as well as long dugout canoes -LRB- which were often used by pirates as well as indigenous peoples -RRB- and the American crocodile -LRB- Crocodylus acutus -RRB- on the island .
Also , if the local quality of life could be improved , economic development would be enhanced .
Moons were searched for but none were detected .
Then , he decided to study medicine .
Ogenne-Camptort is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Savas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Brookhaven National Laboratory is a laboratory in the United States at Long Island , New York . It is located on the former location of Camp Upton , a US army camp .
Aegukga -LRB- Aeguk-kka ; ì ê ê ; æ å æ -RRB- , meaning The Patriotic Song is the national anthem of the Republic of Korea -LRB- South Korea -RRB- . It should not be confused with North Korea 's anthem , which has the same name .
Its surface is heavily cratered and is gray in color .
Tobago is the smaller of the two main islands that make up the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago .
Saumos is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Pachelbel 's Canon combines the techniques of canon and ground bass .
The FIDE rules for competitive chess include all the above rules , plus several others .
Finally , in 1911 parts of Caldwell County , Mitchell County , and Watauga County were combined to form Avery County .
English witch trials of the period `` revolved around popular beliefs , according to which the crime of witchcraft was one of ... evil-doing '' , for which tangible evidence had to be provided .
The Irwell flows through the city centres of Manchester and Salford , before joining the River Mersey near Irlam .
Gender or Gender Identity is how a person feels inside .
Morgan Porterfield Freeman , Jr. -LRB- born June 1 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor , film director , and narrator .
Ã lisabeth Charlotte d'Orl Ã ans -LRB- 13 September 1676 â `` 23 December 1744 -RRB- was a niece of Louis XIV and wife of Leopold , Duke of Lorraine . She was later regent of Lorraine .
Power was knocked out to most of the Houston area and windows were blown out of skyscrapers in downtown Houston .
He painted eight hundred and twenty-six paintings .
The outer table is for 1 line only , so to make a 2nd line appear even , the exact length of line 1 must be pre-determined , to match the length of other lines .
A rotation of the orthonormal basis in terms of which vector a is represented is obtained with a multiplication of a by a rotation matrix R. This matrix multiplication is just a compact representation of a sequence of dot products .
Even though he took the children of Sopron 's nobility with him as hostages , the city opened its gates when the armies of King Ladislaus IV of Hungary arrived .
; 100 % power Frieza is also able to attain 100 % power , his muscle mass becoming engorged compared to his previously sleek frame .
By 2005 he was the second longest-serving foreign minister in German postwar history -LRB- after Hans-Dietrich Genscher -RRB- .
MazatlÃ n is a city in the Mexican state of Sinaloa ; the surrounding municipio -LRB- municipality -RRB- for which the city serves as the municipal capital is also called MazatlÃ n. It is located at on the Pacific coast , just across from the southernmost tip of the Baja California peninsula .
From 1994 to 2001 he was Henry Purcell Professor of Composition at King 's College London .
Once the hydrogen fuel at the core is exhausted , those stars having at least 0.4 times the mass of the Sun expand to become a red giant , in some cases fusing heavier elements at the core or in shells around the core .
People from over 130 countries contributed to the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report over 6 years .
The Chenopodioideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Amaranthaceae , formerly treated as a distinct family , Chenopodiaceae , and comprising all of the genera formerly included in this family except for those transferred to the subfamilies Salicornioideae and Salsoloideae .
Garden dormice are typically 10 t in length , with the tail adding an additional 8 t. They weigh 60 t. The coat is gray or brown , with a white underside .
It caused $ 10,000 in damage , and killed 40 cattle .
Their first album , Another Love Song , was released on Island Records in 1991 , and their most recent , The Cost , was released in 2006 .
As an example , ESC E will switch on bold , and ESC F will switch it off .
In 1817 , it became Crown property .
In 1564 , Dee wrote the Hermetic work Monas Hieroglyphica -LRB- `` The Hieroglyphic Monad '' -RRB- , an exhaustive Cabalistic interpretation of a glyph of his own design , meant to express the mystical unity of all creation .
Shortly before withdrawal they were reclassified Class 438 and the units were renumbered to 8001-8034 .
When Gian Gastone died in 1737 , Francis Stephen 's envoy offered Anna Maria Luisa the position of regent of Tuscany but she declined .
Persons may bang or kick the computer in an attempt to get it to function normally , though this action carries the distinct risk of destroying the computer 's hard disk drive via a head crash .
He was a storyboard artist and art director for the Nickelodeon animated series Invader Zim .
Mac OS was first made by Apple Inc. in 1984 . In those days Mac OS was called Macintosh System Software â `` which was shortened to System or SSW -LRB- System Software -RRB- .
Anton `` Toni '' Polster -LRB- born 10 March 1964 in Vienna -RRB- is a retired Austrian footballer .
The close friendship between Clapton and Harrison resulted in Clapton 's playing on Harrison 's `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps '' from the Beatles ' White Album .
They took the village of Letino without a struggle where they were greeted with great enthusiasm .
In old times , the se -LRB- a long zither with movable bridges and 25 strings , similar to the Japanese koto -RRB- was frequently used in duets with the qin .
Many of them published their own books explaining their recipes , in competition with their rivals .
In designing the fantasy creatures found in Terabithia , CsupÃ wanted to make creatures that were `` little more artsy , imaginative , fantastical creatures than the typical rendered characters you see in other movies '' , and drew inspiration from Terry Gilliam and Ridley Scott .
a. Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work or a Collection , the Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License .
He did this correctly in four of Germany 's six Euro 2008 matches , and in all seven of their matches in the 2010 World Cup .
The golden armor , scattered by Makuta 's blast is collected by Tahu , Gresh , and Takanuva from the many enemies .
Rivalry between the European powers created a series of wars on the North American landmass that would have great impact on the development of the colonies .
For an asymmetric wave -LRB- periodic pulses in one direction , for example -RRB- , the peak amplitude becomes ambiguous . This is because the value is different depending on whether the maximum positive signal is measured relative to the mean , the maximum negative signal is measured relative to the mean , or the maximum positive signal is measured relative to the maximum negative signal -LRB- the peak-to-peak amplitude -RRB- and then divided by two .
The Stewart Grand Prix team effectively became the Ford works team , and used Cosworth CR-1 engines from its first season in 1997 .
Foundations built for above-ground structures include shallow and deep foundations .
The batting order , or batting lineup , in baseball is an when nine members of the offense take their turns in batting against the pitcher in an order .
w : The Sanatorium of Bellevue -LRB- 1857-1980 -RRB- , which occupied part of the old monastery , played an important role in the history of Kreuzlingen .
Lulu does not seem to care and simply tells Dr. SchÃ n `` You 'll marry me all the same . ''
Tobit is regarded by Protestants as apocryphal .
More recently Portland Street , which formed the northerly part of the main shopping area , lay abandoned for many years due to a decline in retail trade and in the face of possible comprehensive redevelopment .
Azad Jammu and Kashmir -LRB- AJK -RRB- is a self-governing state under Pakistani control but is not constitutionally part of Pakistan .
Species that have multiple queens may have a queen leaving the nest along with some workers to found a colony at a new site , a process akin to swarming in honeybees .
Often , however , scratching can intensify itching and even cause further damage to the skin , dubbed the `` itch-scratch-itch cycle '' .
Sanghar is a city in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Everman joined Nirvana in February 1989 as a second guitarist .
Philipp Veit -LRB- 13 February 1793 -- 18 December 1877 -RRB- was a German Romantic painter .
â The average ofay -LRB- white person -RRB- thinks of the black man as potentially raping every white lady in sight .
The official region contains the large conurbation that includes Birmingham and Wolverhampton and includes also the mainly rural shire counties of Herefordshire , Shropshire , Staffordshire , Warwickshire and Worcestershire .
Welch said that `` The name Florence and the Machine started off as a private joke that got out of hand .
are in the Land of Hatti , and all my ships are in the Land of Lukka ?
Caesar was the dictator of the Roman Republic at the time . He had been declared dictator perpetuo -LRB- dictator for life -RRB- by the Senate .
Walter de Souza Goulart -LRB- born 17 July , 1913 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The first competition was for three playwrights each presenting three tragic plays , followed by a shorter comedy .
Boniswil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Typically , Longfellow would carefully consider the subject of his poetic ideas for a long time before deciding on the right metrical form for it .
William Andrews Clark died without leaving the orchestra an endowment .
After the Second World War , many Futurist artists had difficulty in their careers because of their association with a defeated and discredited regime .
Pliny the Elder set out to rescue the victims from their perilous position on the shore of the Bay of Naples , and launched his galleys , crossing the bay to Stabiae -LRB- near the modern town of Castellammare di Stabia -RRB- .
It is Europe 's most complete Neolithic village . The level of preservation is such that it is a main part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site of the Heart of Neolithic Orkney .
The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 , also known as the Tiananmen Square massacre and the June Fourth Incident -LRB- in part to avoid confusion with two prior Tiananmen Square protests -RRB- , were a series of demonstrations in and near Tiananmen Square in Beijing in the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- beginning on 15 April 1989 .
Neither , however , described God as appearing in three modes .
Katsuyoshi Shinto -LRB- born September 15 , 1960 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He lives in Paradise Valley , Montana , where he wrote his first book .
Bots should be denied from making those minor changes .
Between 1418 and 1436 he was at the convent of Fiesole where he also executed a number of frescoes for the church , and the Altarpiece , deteriorated but restored . A predella of the Altarpiece remains intact in the National Gallery , London which is a superb example of Fra Angelico 's ability .
While educational attainment did not help reduce the income inequality between men and women , it did increase the earnings potential of individuals of both sexes , enabling many households with one or more graduate degree householders to enter the top household income quintile .
It then was upgraded to a hurricane again during the late afternoon of August 29 .
Cotton Mather , FRS -LRB- February 12 , 1663 -- February 13 , 1728 ; A.B. 1678 , Harvard College ; A.M. 1681 , honorary doctorate 1710 , University of Glasgow -RRB- was a socially and politically influential New England Puritan minister , prolific author and pamphleteer ; he is often remembered for his role in the Salem witch trials .
For example , if a 128-bit block cipher received separate 32-bit bursts of plaintext , three quarters of the data transmitted would be padding .
A radio drama -LRB- audio or radio play , dramatized audiobook -RRB- is a live or recorded performance of actors without visual elements .
Tim Leveque -LRB- born June 13 , 1968 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
It was denominated by newspapers , such as The New York Times , as the `` Unofficial World Pocket Billiard Championship . ''
Haillicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Mirror was the first UK paper to adopt the look of the New York tabloids .
His identification of the Broad Street pump as the cause of the Soho epidemic is considered the classic example of epidemiology .
It struggled to develop until August 30 , when gale-force winds and better organization resulted in the development of Tropical Storm Fiona , skipping tropical depression status .
He pleaded not guilty .
Three species of Loricifera have been found in the sediments at the bottom of the L'Atalante basin in Mediterranean Sea , more than 3,000 meters down , the first multicellular organisms known to spend their entire lives in an oxygen-free environment .
To be properly considered objective , the results of measurement must be communicated from person-to-person , and then demonstrated for third parties , as an advance in understanding of the objective world .
In 1634 , the Colony was divided into the original eight shires of Virginia , soon renamed as counties .
There are 68 parishes within the district .
An obelus -LRB- plural , obeli -RRB- is a symbol consisting of a line with dots above and below , , used to represent the mathematical division operation .
At the Reward Challenge , the team of Bruce , Courtney , Sally , and Terry won a videos from home , peanut butter & jelly sandwiches , and ice-cold milk .
The two men battle it out and Zeus tells Hercules that he is trying to save him .
I Minervia and V Macedonica , under the legates M. Claudius Fronto and P. Martius Verus , served under Statius Priscus in Armenia , earning success for Roman arms during the campaign season of 163 , including the capture of the Armenian capital Artaxata .
These home-made instruments could be ordinary objects adapted to or created to make sound , like the washtub bass , washboard , spoons , stovepipe and comb & tissue paper -LRB- kazoo -RRB- .
Anchovies are also eaten by humans .
In the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland , some pay-per-views are shown on Sky Sports 1 and others on Sky Box Office .
Edvard Grieg -LRB- born 15 June 1843 Bergen , Norway ; died 4 September 1907 -RRB- was a Norwegian composer and pianist who composed in the Romantic period .
La Chapelle-du-Ch Ã cents telard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
To pilot the two remaining new units , Lockon Stratos ' twin brother is invited to assume his brother 's codename and former position as the pilot of the Cherudim Gundam , and after Allelujah Haptism is rescued from the prison he was being detained in during the timeskip , he assumes the command of Arios Gundam .
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and lupus erythematosus .
At this stage GRUB can also pass control of the boot process to another loader , using chain loading , for operating systems such as Windows that do not support the Multiboot standard .
The following languages have letters that contain diacritics that are considered independent letters distinct from those without diacritics .
Some of the titles to paintings in 1915 express the concept of a non-euclidian geometry which imagined forms in movement , or through time ; titles such as : Two dimensional painted masses in the state of movement .
There was no Immunity Challenge due to Bruce 's withdrawal of the game .
In 1888 , Harry Seeley classified dinosaurs into two orders , based on their hip structure .
x by January 2007 , but IE7 did not surpass IE6 until December 2007 .
Kelvedon is a village and town in Essex , England .
Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland first met during their orientation week at University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- in September 1996 .
Houchin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The tropical storm moved westward to the south of the central Gulf coast on August 4 .
She is best known for her lead role as Teddy Duncan on the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie and her recurring role as Juliet Van Heusen on Wizards of Waverly Place .
There are 894 communes in the Pas-de-Calais dÃ partement , in France .
Leander Starr Jameson had hoped to defeat the Matabele quickly by capturing Lobengula at his royal city of Bulawayo .
Rumaucourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Go Oiwa -LRB- born 23 June 1972 in Shimizu , Shizuoka -RRB- is a former Japanese football defender who currently plays for Kashima Antlers .
After the Reichstag fire , Hindenburg signed into law the Reichstag Fire Decree .
The template wraps the displayed URL with a so that it is included in any parent microformat which takes a URL parameter - see our microformats project .
In 2004 the school switched from radio based education to the Satellite Education Program .
Grand Theft Auto : Vice City is a video game .
When comparing heating units , such as a 100 % efficient electric resistance heater to an 80 % efficient natural gas-fueled furnace , an economic analysis is needed to determine the most cost-effective choice .
It is a particularly significant component of the vegetation of the arid region that extends from north Africa to central Asia .
This template adds pages to : Category : Wikipedia doppelganger accounts .
A second attempt at flight , on 23 December , was successful ; William deliberately allowed James to escape to France where he lived in exile until his death .
For example , a 10 cm circular would have a maximum precision equal to a 30 cm ordinary slide rule .
Olympia is the home of the Olympia Farmers Market and The Evergreen State College .
Jay-Z elaborated that he wrote the song under the personal belief that far too many people had jumped on the Auto-Tune bandwagon and that the trend had become a gimmick .
Zacatecas -LRB- or -RRB- is a state of Mexico , located in the northern region .
Everett was moved by the short speech and wrote to Lincoln , `` I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central idea of the occasion , in two hours , as you did in two minutes . ''
Castalia is a city of Iowa in the United States .
This template produces `` metadata dummy '' -LRB- without quotation marks -RRB- if the parameter is in a list of placeholder image names and tags contained in this template .
For the 2006 season , the fuel was a 90 % \/ 10 % mixture of methanol and ethanol .
Gergiev conducted this production in Cardiff in 2006 at the Wales Millennium Centre , and in Costa Mesa , California in October 2006 at the Orange County Performing Arts Center .
The satellite is currently designated S\/2002 -LRB- 121 -RRB- 1 .
However , Lotso manages to pull Woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the dumpster .
This page is intended to help you consider the best way to allow either your children , or children you are responsible for , to engage with Wikipedia safely and enjoyably .
The two subsequently started their own company , Klasky Csupo , which produced many popular animated television shows .
Some TV shows using innuendoes are : The Simpsons , Futurama , Son of the Beach , The Office , King of the Hill , Beavis and Butthead , Everybody Hates Chris , American Dad , Tosh .0 and especially Family Guy .
According to Gibbon , Commodus once killed 100 lions in a single day .
The bulk of the asteroids discovered by Wolf around this date were named for characters in operas , but if this name was also drawn from such a source , no explanation has been recorded .
The `` Invariant Sections '' are certain Secondary Sections whose titles are designated , as being those of Invariant Sections , in the notice that says that the Document is released under this License .
The single was re-released in 1998 as `` You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul ' 98 '' .
The warp threads are moved over and under the weft threads
Amanda Laura Bynes -LRB- born April 3 , 1986 -RRB- is an American actress , former program host on Nickelodeon and fashion designer .
was a doctor in Sofia and one of the first pioneers of the Jewish nationalism and one of the first active zionists in Galicia and Bulgaria , adherent of Hovevei Zion in Galicia , Austria and Bulgaria .
Euripides was the last of the three greatest Ancient Greek writers of tragedies , the others being Aeschylus and Sophocles .
Mont-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Directories , on the other hand , tend to have longer latencies -LRB- with a 3 hop request\/forward\/respond -RRB- but use much less bandwidth since messages are point to point and not broadcast .
The release of Snow Leopard introduced several bugs into Snow Leopard , with regard to iCal alarms .
She first attended Pennsylvania 's Bryn Mawr College from 1903 to 1904 , then graduated from Oberlin College in Ohio , where she later returned to speak many times .
The best tobacco , used for more expensive cigar brands , is grown in the flat lands of San Juan y MartÃ nez .
European guilt over colonialism , with its use of recently invented guns on people who did not have them inspired fictional treatments such as Aphra Behn 's novel Oroonoko , or the Royal Slave , about a slave revolt in Surinam in the West Indies .
Gyula is a town in BÃ kÃ s county in south-eastern Hungary .
Tommy Tynan -LRB- born 17 November 1955 , in Liverpool -RRB- is a retired English professional footballer .
He is the younger brother of another ex-Red Star footballer , NebojÅ a BandoviÄ .
The Lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that have been detected by the Cassiniâ `` Huygens space probe , and had been suspected long before .
Poneman offered to fund a release by the band , so Thayil told him to team up with Bruce Pavitt .
Herbinghen is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
There are now more than 20,000 men and boys who live under an ever-present death sentence because of blood feuds .
In his doctoral thesis , Shannon showed that boolean algebra was useful . It could simplify the design of electric switches and relays -LRB- like those that were used in the telephone switchboards of the time -RRB- .
They are used for dwarf planets and small Solar System bodies such as asteroids , but not comets .
Adolf Hitler -LRB- ; 20 April 1889 â `` 30 April 1945 -RRB- was an Austrian-born German politician and the leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party -LRB- , abbreviated NSDAP -RRB- , commonly known as the Nazi Party .
This system of replicating clays and their metabolic phenotype then evolved into the sulfide rich region of the hotspring acquiring the ability to fix nitrogen .
; Shawn Crahan -LRB- # 6 -RRB- Active : 1995 â `` present Plays : custom percussion , backing vocals Performed in : all Slipknot albums Shawn Crahan was a member of the original band formed in 1995 and was originally the only drummer for a short time .
The stand is made up of two tiers , only the upper tier is covered but at the expense of several supporting columns for the roof structure , the seats are the originals from the early 1900s , from here you get a decent view with moderate legroom .
Tropical Storm Ignacio formed first as a depression in an area of disturbed weather on August 17 .
In the PokÃ mon Adventures manga , Meowth 's first appearance is a cameo in the first chapter as one of the PokÃ mon that escapes from Professor Oak 's Laboratory .
It comprises an area of 196235 k , making it the world 's tenth largest island and Canada 's third largest island .
Takahiro Oshima -LRB- born 14 April 1988 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Nagano Parceilo .
According to one source , Bionicle has changed the way children think of , and play with , LEGO products by combining `` the best of LEGO building with the story telling and adventure of an action figure line , '' and that 85 % of American boys age 6 â `` 12 know of the Bionicle brand and 45 % own the toys .
Key tools in SPC are control charts , a focus on continuous improvement and designed experiments .
Seasonal references in the Hebrew calendar reflect its development in the region east of the Mediterranean and the times and climate of the Northern Hemisphere .
He was then posted to 1st Battalion , Royal Australian Regiment , based at Townsville , Queensland .
She fared much better in the doubles , reaching the quarterfinals in mixed with her partner Mahesh Bhupathi and the quarterfinals in the women 's doubles with Bethanie Mattek , including a win over number two seeds Lisa Raymond and Samantha Stosur .
However , the Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- has approved the first drug treatment for the disease : Riluzole -LRB- Rilutek -RRB- .
Confucianism was the official philosophy throughout most of Imperial China 's history , and becoming a professional of Confucian texts was needed to be part of the imperial bureaucracy .
Tailleferre wrote many of her most important works during the 1920s , including her 1st Piano Concerto , The Harp Concertino , the Ballets `` Le marchand d'oiseaux '' -LRB- the most frequently performed ballet in the repertoire of the Ballets SuÃ dois during the 1920s -RRB- and `` La nouvelle CythÃ re '' which was commissioned by Diaghilev for the ill-fated 1929 season of the famous Ballets Russes , and `` Sous le ramparts d'Ath Ã nes '' in collaboration with Paul Claudel , as well as several pioneering film scores , including `` B ` anda '' in which she used African themes .
She was the daughter of Eustace III of Boulogne and Mary of Scotland . Matilda 's mother , Mary , was the daughter of Malcolm III of Scotland and Saint Margaret of Scotland .
There are 28 comuni -LRB- singular : comune -RRB- in the province .
WWE and Vince McMahon were credited for production of the films The Scorpion King , The Rundown and Walking Tall all starring The Rock .
In 2009 , it had a population of about 205,000 and it is the capital of the autonomous region Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Trieste province .
Beaumont-en-Beine is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Residents of BrasÃ lia are known as brasilienses or candangos -LRB- the latter referring to those not born in the city , but migrated there when the city was established -RRB- .
During the Meiji period , an Imperial decree dated March 3 , 1911 established that the legitimate reigning monarchs of this period were the direct descendants of Emperor Go-Daigo through Emperor Go-Murakami , whose Southern Court had been established in exile in Yoshino , near Nara .
By the 1880s there were five schools in the Greta area ; Greta , Greta South , Greta West , Hansonville , and Fifteen Mile Creek .
The then Burmese president Ne Win was envious of U Thant 's international stature and the respect that was accorded him by the Burmese populace .
Charles Louis NapolÃ on -LRB- 1808 â `` 1873 -RRB- , son of Louis NapolÃ on , was president of France in 1848 â `` 1852 and emperor in 1852 â `` 1870 , reigning as NapolÃ on III ; his son , EugÃ ne Bonaparte -LRB- 1856 â `` 1879 -RRB- , styled the Prince Imperial , died fighting the Zulus in Natal , South Africa .
Between the 15th and the 19th centuries -LRB- 500 years -RRB- , the Atlantic slave trade took an estimated 7 â `` 12 million slaves to the New World .
Brown won the election in October 2007 with more than 32,000 votes ; his next closest rival Dick Quax had less than 18,000 , and the election was humorously termed a ` Lenslide ' by some .
They sought the mask for their own dark purposes .
The Chenab River -LRB- , , , , , literally : ` Moon -LRB- Chan -RRB- Ú Ù River -LRB- aab -RRB- ' Ø cents Ø -RRB- is formed by the confluence of the Chandra and Bhaga rivers at Tandi located in the upper Himalayas in the Lahul and Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh , India .
Since 1851 , gold sovereigns were being produced in large numbers at the Royal Mint branch in Sydney , New South Wales .
Just two years after Pulitzer took it over , the World sold more copies than any other newspaper in New York . Part of this was because he was connected to the Democratic Party .
The short axis is the rotation axis .
It picks them up in its beak and starts eating them .
Anthony James `` Tony O '' Esposito -LRB- born April 23 , 1943 -RRB- is a retired Canadian-American professional ice hockey goaltender , who played in the National Hockey League , most notably for the Chicago Black Hawks .
Before the 1590s , stockings were made of woven cloth . The first knitting machines were for making stockings .
Schinznach-Dorf is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The blue band refers to Turkic heritage , the red is for progress and Europeanisation and the green refers to Islam .
In 1945 , 23 Labor Co-operative MPs were elected and two had high office in the Labor government - Alexander and Alfred Barnes , who had been chair of the Party .
Some hippos have run at 30 km\/h -LRB- 19 mph -RRB- for short distances .
During his period in foreign affairs , Fitzgerald , developed a good relationship with Liam Cosgrave and all the tension that had existed between them in opposition disappeared .
It was unlucky that Hurricane Flora came just days later .
After restrengthening slightly , Olaf moved southeast on October 5 due to the influence of Hurricane Pauline .
Please do not rename or remove these classes ; nor collapse nested elements which use them .
Following the loss of Sirius in 1790 she became the colony 's only link with the outside world .
Penguin , 1983 -RRB- is 953 pages long .
; header -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to use as a header in row n. ; label -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to use as a label in row n. ; data -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to display as data in row n. ; below : Text to put in the bottom cell .
A limited physical version of the single was released on 7 '' vinyl and can be gotten only by pre-ordering Appeal to Reason .
The main idea is that this category should cover enough main topics so that every single article would fit into at least one of the topics shown here .
Another inclined to defend Morrell 's integrity is the writer Rupert Gould , who included a lengthy essay on New South Greenland in his collection Enigmas , published in 1929 .
Rowley is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Around 1948 he moved to California and worked with the Frankie Ortega Trio in Las Vegas and at the Balboa Bay Club in Newport Beach for 11 years .
Systems were benchmarked with a clean installation of Windows Vista , then with a security suite installed .
Martigny-Courpierre is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Shinji Murai -LRB- born 1 December 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
In addition , it will fix many mistakes and the limitation as described in the section below .
Magnus I , 1507 â `` 1543 .
She was the mother of King Christian IV of Denmark and Anne of Denmark .
The Weser is a river in north-western Germany .
Buto originally was two cities , Pe and Dep , which merged into one city that the Egyptians named Per-Wadjet .
While many hypotheses have been put forth to explain a `` spike '' in the flux of either asteroidal or cometary materials to the inner solar system , no consensus yet exists as to its cause .
It is located on the Lachlan River headwaters and not far from Goulburn .
The station consists of four platforms , with two in an island format .
School union students are given a choice of neighboring school districts , and the school union pays for the student 's tuition .
A marker can be superimposed on one of a set of special map templates . If a valid map name is specified this is the method the template will attempt to use .
è in Chinese -RRB- are used in stir fried dishes , particularly those in American Chinese cuisine .
They gained control of most of the largest islands in the Caribbean and conquered the Aztecs , gaining control of present-day Mexico and Central America .
Woodlawn is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
A few young were born in the first couple of years , but then breeding stopped for no known reason .
The similarity with silver compounds is observed with the halide , oxide , and sulfide compounds .
Saint-Jean-de-Livet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The game starts when the captain from each team decides which side of the court they will play on , by the toss of a coin , which also determines who will serve -LRB- hit -RRB- the ball first .
These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally .
In the sixteenth century the Italian philosopher Giordano Bruno , an early supporter of the Copernican theory that the Earth and other planets orbit the Sun , put forward the view that the fixed stars are similar to the Sun and are likewise accompanied by planets .
Upper Secondary male students wear long pants instead .
The town also boasts a collection of gift shops , cafes , bars and restaurants within the very desirable Bank Street area , whilst offering retail options within its retail parks at Queen 's Drive and Glencairn Square .
It is the anniversary of the night Muslims believe the first verses of the Qur ` an were revealed to the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
The Premier of Western Australia is the head of the executive government in the Australian State of Western Australia .
On the October 1 episode of Raw , Cena legitimately tore his right pectoral muscle during a match with Mr. Kennedy and attack by Orton .
It was the 1900th year of the Anno Domini or the Common Era designation , the 900th year of the 2nd millennium , and the last year of the 19th century but the first year of the 1900s .
He is remembered for books and poems he wrote like : Gulliver 's Travels , A Modest Proposal , A Journal to Stella , Drapier 's Letters , The Battle of the Books , An Argument Against Abolishing Christianity , and A Tale of a Tub .
where T = temperature , S = entropy , p = pressure , V = volume .
Pat Fenlon -LRB- born 15 March 1969 -RRB- is an Irish football manager who is currently managing Bohemians -LRB- Bohemian FC -RRB- .
Arriva Fox County buses move across the Leicester area plus services to\/from Loughborough , Coalville , Hinckley , Melton Mowbray , Market Harborough and Burton upon Trent .
A nonpreemptive multitasking system which is very similar to the `` simple control loop '' design , except that the loop is hidden in an API .
It hosts at least seven silvester ducks species .
Prophetstown is a city in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
Several international or multinational conferences have been called the Geneva Conference , because they were held in the city of Geneva , Switzerland .
After their marriage , Irene joined Vernon in The Hen-Pecks -LRB- 1911 -RRB- , a production in which he was a featured player .
Wood County is a county found in the state of Wisconsin in the United States .
Evans is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Championship and was the winner of The Ultimate Fight season 2 in the heavyweight division .
In some sports , such as baseball , basketball , and American football , a player 's jersey may be `` retired '' .
A distinct population emerged in North America in the 19th century some time after apples , a non-native species , were introduced .
In 2009 she became the host of Austria 's Next Topmodel on which she equaled the role of her former mentor Heidi Klum . The show is currently in its third season .
Kazuya Kawabata is a Japanese football player who plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
There are active Neo-Futurist troupes in Chicago , New York , and Montreal .
Autism is a `` spectrum disorder '' . This means that some people who have autism are only mildly affected .
This creation of a separate currency was an attempt to reduce the strain put on India 's foreign reserves by gold smuggling .
These warn of weather which may affect transport and lives .
The cloud shield became asymmetrically displaced to the north of the center , and frontal-like features began to form .
It was named in October 2002 after Taygete , one of the Pleiades , daughter of the Titan Atlas and mother of Lacedaemon by Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- .
Piquet soon passed Berger for third and the order settled down .
They have often been described as multum in parvo , which means `` much in little '' , referring to the pug 's character and size .
It was the embarkation point of the Seventh Crusade -LRB- 1248 -RRB- and the Eighth Crusade -LRB- 1270 -RRB- .
PeÃ a is the father of three children : Nelia , Cristina , and Ryan PeÃ a. The divorce of Federico PeÃ a and his first wife , Ellen Hart PeÃ a , became final on September 10 , 2001 .
Ascros is a commune .
Spiro Mounds is an archaeological site run by the Oklahoma Historical Society and open to the public .
Sunni Muslims hold that there are six articles of belief : belief in Allah , in Prophets , in four divinely revealed scripture , in the Day of Judgment or end times , in angels , and in fate or destiny .
Wainwright was born in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , the son of Martha Taylor , a yoga teacher , and Loudon Wainwright , Jr. , a columnist and editor for Life magazine .
Fife and drum blues is another form of traditional country blues .
Depending on what the graph looks like , there may be more than one minimum spanning tree .
The Moorgate branch was decommissioned during Christmas 2009 .
For the Commonwealth Games , the stadium featured a single lower tier running around three sides of the athletics track , and second tiers to the two sides , with an open-air temporary stand at one end .
In 1891 , Dubois discovered remains of what he described as `` a species in between humans and apes '' .
Sometimes , these sets used to operate 8-12 car long expresses to Nottingham Victoria in the final years of the GCML .
After that season , the rules for awarding the Calder were amended so that players could only be eligible if they were 26 years old or younger by September 15 of their rookie season .
Pfleumer 's invention used an iron -LRB- III -RRB- oxide -LRB- Fe2O3 -RRB- powder coating on a long strip of paper .
It is situated on the River Lune and has a population of 45,952 .
Therefore , the President asked Priscilla to assist Letitia in her duties as the First Lady .
It is located 10 miles west of Cameron and 12 miles east of Johnson Bayou .
The Lord Chancellor is responsible for the efficient functioning and independence of the courts .
An amazing piece of work , whomever did it ' . ''
In 2010 the GP3 Series class was launched , as a feeder class for the GP2 series .
As of 2000 , the population was 114,996 .
Charles-Philippe was born in 1757 , the youngest son of the Dauphin Louis Ferdinand , and his wife , the Dauphine Marie JosÃ phe , at the Palace of Versailles .
The key schedule , however , is more complex , expanding the key using an essentially one-way function with the binary expansions of both e and the golden ratio as sources of `` nothing up my sleeve numbers '' .
The city was the chief home of the Mesopotamian moon-god -LRB- -LRB- Sin -LRB- mythology -RRB- Sin -RRB- -RRB- , under the Babylonians and even into Roman times .
Young married three times .
Lightcurve data for Europa has been very hard to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute -LRB- 5 and a half , or 11 hours ? -RRB-
The Rosarium is the oldest and largest rose garden in Northern Germany .
Such structures were often dubbed '' -LRB- name of architect or builder -RRB- 's Folly '' , after the single individual who commissioned or designed the project .
By observing at the right time what happened in the process that led to a change , the quality engineer or any member of the team responsible for the production line can troubleshoot the root cause of the variation that has crept in to the process and correct the problem .
He later studied singing for two terms at the Royal College of Music .
Open-wheel cars are usually built just for racing . Often , they have a higher amount of technological sophistication than in other forms of motor racing .
Art Pepper -LRB- September 1 , 1925 â `` June 15 , 1982 -RRB- , born Arthur Edward Pepper , Jr. , was an American alto saxophonist and clarinetist .
A waterpark is an amusement park that features waterplay areas , such as water slides , splash pads , spraygrounds -LRB- water playgrounds -RRB- , lazy rivers , or other recreational bathing , swimming , and barefooting environments .
The International Olympic Committee-recognized World Pool-Billiard Association -LRB- WPA -RRB- cooperates with the UMB to keep their rulesets synchronized .
Programming in this block includes Jake and the Never Land Pirates , Special Agent Oso , Imagination Movers , Handy Manny , Little Einsteins , Mickey Mouse Clubhouse , Jungle Junction and My Friends Tigger & Pooh .
In keeping with Wahhabi beliefs -LRB- the Saudi type of Islam -RRB- , bin Laden opposed music on religious grounds , p167 and his attitude towards technology was mixed .
20000 Varuna is a large classical Kuiper belt object -LRB- KBO -RRB- and a potential dwarf planet .
He tries to be a better father and learns that Bart is entering in a `` Soap Box Derby . ''
In June 2007 , Powderfinger announced a nationwide tour featuring Australian rock band Silverchair titled the Across the Great Divide tour . The tour was an attempt to promote the efforts of Reconciliation Australia , a foundation helping to improve the welfare of the Indigenous people of Australia and to `` show -LRB- that -RRB- both bands are behind the idea of reconciliation . ''
Castoreum is also used to add to the flavor and smell of cigarettes .
The pelvic fins usually have one spine and up to five soft rays , positioned unusually far forward under the chin or under the belly .
Marlieux is a commune .
Daniel Sanabria -LRB- born 2 February 1977 -RRB- is a former Paraguayan football player .
In his famous Fly Room at Columbia University Morgan was able to demonstrate that genes are carried on chromosomes and are the mechanical basis of heredity .
Martial arts are considered as both an art and a science .
The marriage became unhappy , and she divorced her husband .
Calvi is located on the northwest coast of the island of Corsica , 95 k from Bastia and 24 k from L' Ã le-Rousse .
It has special filaments it can retract ; because of this , it has been placed in its own order : Vampyromorphida -LRB- formerly Vampyromorpha -RRB- . It has similarities with both squid and octopi .
The DC-10 was first ordered by launch customers American Airlines with 25 orders , and United Airlines with 30 orders and 30 options in 1968 .
However , behavior which enhances the fitness of relatives but lowers that of the actor , may nonetheless increase in frequency .
He switched to the Italian Formula Renault Championship in 2005 , finishing fourth , also starting six Eurocup races .
Constructors ' Championship points are calculated by adding points scored in each race by any driver for that constructor .
In Fangorn forest Aragorn , Gimli and Legolas find not the hobbits but Gandalf , resurrected after his battle with the Balrog and now the significantly more powerful `` Gandalf the White '' .
Construction paper or sugar paper is a type of coarse colored paper usually available in large sizes .
Underpinning may be necessary for a variety of reasons :
The first description of this scale was published in Paris in 1624 by Edmund Wingate -LRB- c. 1593 - 1656 -RRB- , an English Mathematician , in a book entitled â L'usage de la reigle de proportion en l'arithmetique & geometrieâ .
When later interviewed by Sirius\/XM , however , she said that Auto-Tune was n't bad if used `` in a creative way '' and noted her song `` Elastic Love '' from Bionic uses it .
New Year 's Revolution was removed from the WWE schedule when they reduced the number of PPVs per year .
In 1997 the teams involved resolved the dispute and adopted the current name rutherfordium .
In Malaysia Rocko 's Modern Life aired in MetroVision around 1996 .
He continued to perform , conduct and record prolifically until his death in Anif in 1989 , mainly with the Berlin Philharmonic and the Vienna Philharmonic .
Kakadu was listed in three stages : Stage 1 in 1981 , Stage 2 in 1987 , and the entire Park in 1992 .
Tim Hortons ' international presence includes outlets in the United States -LRB- including one opened in Detroit and owned by former NBA player Derrick Coleman -RRB- and one on a military base outside Kandahar , Afghanistan .
Ma began studying violin when he was very small . He also played the viola for a short while , then , at the age of four , he started the cello .
Cole and Phoebe fall in love and he later on reveals that he is Belthazor -LRB- his demon half -RRB- to Phoebe .
On September 22 2006 , Friday Night SmackDown !
He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army .
Joint Task Force 2 -LRB- JTF 2 -RRB- -LRB- French : DeuxiÃ me Force opÃ rationnelle interarmÃ es -RRB- is the main counter-terrorism and special forces unit of Canada .
The first televised match of the night was between Rey Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero .
At WrestleMania , Lawler originally won his match against Cole , but , after celebrating his victory with Stone Cold , the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed the ruling , due to Austin pushing Cole in the match , making Cole the victor instead .
In the show 's world , imaginary friends are as real as humans . Once the creator decides he or she does not want the imaginary friend anymore , they are sent to live at `` Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends , '' an adoption home for the unwanted imaginary friends .
Interstate 83 -LRB- abbreviated I-83 -RRB- is an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States .
One interesting twist is the Sambia tribe of New Guinea .
The next season , Boston made the playoffs once more , losing to the Toronto Maple Leafs .
As an emperor , Trajan 's reputation has endured â '' he is one of the few rulers whose reputation has survived nineteen centuries .
Igbo people are one of the largest and most influential ethnic groups in Nigeria .
A. R. Rahman received a Filmfare Award for the music .
Bannu has produced famous names and personalities who worked hard all their lives for the well being of the people of Bannu . From 1974 until 2005 the people of Bannu had been continuously requesting the Federal as well as Provincial Governments to establish a University in Bannu .
Pushmataha County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
A calzone -LRB- Italian `` stocking '' or `` trouser '' -RRB- is a turnover that originates from Italy .
Clients selected a design , specified colors and fabrics , and had a version tailor-made in Worth 's workshop .
The Pacific Ocean is the body of water between Asia and Australia in the west , the Americas in the east , the Southern Ocean to the south , and the Arctic Ocean to the north .
Alfons Maria Mucha -LRB- ; 24 July 1860 â `` 14 July 1939 -RRB- , known in English as Alphonse Mucha , was a Czech Art Nouveau painter and decorative artist , known best for his distinct style .
The statement issued by the FIA states that Renault F1 was found to have information `` including , but not limited to the layout and critical dimensions of the McLaren F1 car , together with details of the McLaren fuelling system , gear assembly , oil cooling system , hydraulic control system and a novel suspension component used by the 2006 and 2007 McLaren F1 cars '' .
The eighth edition -LRB- 1854 -RRB- called her `` an elegant novelist '' . The ninth edition -LRB- 1875 -RRB- praised her as `` one of the most distinguished -LRB- remarkable -RRB- modern British novelists '' .
To see a real time example , see what links here .
Donkey Kong 64 went on to become a Nintendo 64 Player 's Choice title .
For the first two decades of the twentieth century , multiple petticoats fell out of fashion ; narrow , sometimes tight , skirts became more common . Then , in the late 1920s , chiffon dresses with several sheer petticoats became fashionable .
It premiered in April 2003 on ITV in the United Kingdom , and on 19 January 2004 in the United States on PBS . It was created by Anne Wood with scripts by Alan Dapre and Robin Stevens -LRB- of Pob fame -RRB- .
In the specific context of the Middle East , a variety of factors â '' including population growth , soil degradation , drought , cast bronze weapon and iron production technologies â '' could have combined to push the relative price of weaponry -LRB- compared to arable land -RRB- to a level unsustainable for traditional warrior aristocracies .
An ice age is a period when for a long time the temperature of Earth 's climate is very low . This leads to an expansion of the continental ice sheets , polar ice sheets and mountain glaciers .
It is a large , crow-sized falcon , with a blue-gray back , barred white underparts , and a black head and `` moustache '' .
The authors first thought that Anchiornis could fly or glide .
The NHL 's Northeast Division was formed in 1993 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league adjustment , the predecessor of which was the Adams Division .
These can be specified as follows :
The Altmark is a historical region that covers the territory of this district as well as parts of the neighbouring district of Stendal .
Shirley MacLaine -LRB- born April 24 , 1934 -RRB- is an American film and theater actress , dancer , activist , and author , well-known for her beliefs in new age spirituality and reincarnation .
The painting depicts an open-air scene , crowded with people , at a popular dance garden on the Butte Montmartre , close to where he lived .
Google Instant , an enhancement that displays suggested results while the user types , was introduced in the United States starting on September 8 , 2010 .
Nicklas Bendtner -LRB- born 16 January 1988 -RRB- is a Danish football player . He plays for Arsenal and Denmark national team .
Also that night , Kurt Angle challenged Booker T to a WCW World Heavyweight Championship match , which Booker T accepted .
The term acropolis is also used to describe the central complex of overlapping structures , such as plazas and pyramids , in many Mayan cities , including Tikal and CopÃ n.
The leaves are evergreen in the south of the range , but deciduous further north where winters are colder ; they are oval-elliptic with an acute apex , 3-7 cm long and 2-4 cm broad , with a smooth or very finely toothed margin .
Charles Scott Sherrington -LRB- November 27 , 1857 - March 4 , 1952 -RRB- was an English doctor .
Stanislav Varga -LRB- born 8 October 1972 -RRB- is a former Slovak football player . He has played for Slovakia national team .
Since then , the state is organised as the Kharan District of Balochistan .
This subtemplate of converts a single character of a hex string into its decimal equivalent .
If you do n't , many other administrators doâ '' ask on the Administrators ' incidents noticeboard or on -LRB- irc : \/ \/ irc.freenode.net/wikipedia IRC -RRB- .
The album artwork also reflected Paramore 's grief as Hayley Williams explains , `` The couch on the cover of All We Know is Falling with no one there and the shadow walking away ; it 's all about Jeremy leaving us and us feeling like there 's an empty space . ''
The southern section is rainy and cool , the central Andes are dry .
After releasing five singles , Younha released her first album entitled Go !
Internet Explorer 8 `` Final '' was released on March 19 , 2009 .
Spiny lobsters are also , especially in Australia , New Zealand and South Africa , sometimes called crayfish , sea crayfish or crawfish , terms which elsewhere are reserved for freshwater crayfish .
Los Angeles Kings vs. New York Rangers
A former fishing village , it was one of the first towns on Bali to see substantial tourist development , and as a beach resort remains one of Indonesia 's major tourist destinations .
When editing a conversion-subtemplate , be very careful to match the exact nesting of braces -LRB- pairing the '' '' -RRB- ; otherwise , the parameters might be treated as literal text and listed across the page instead -LRB- such as string of '' ... t = linear density o = lb\/yd b = 100 ... '' -RRB- .
The region remains one of the most complicated in the post-Soviet area , and comprises three heavily disputed areas â `` Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia , and Nagorno-Karabakh in Azerbaijan .
On landing , Columbus ' crew found TaÃ no fishermen preparing a feast for the local chieftain .
It is situated at the mouth of the River Yare .
It was named in 1900 for William Thomas Lopp , a missionary among the Inuit and the civilian leader of the 1897 â `` 98 Overland Expedition .
Zipeg works on Mac OS X and Windows .
Ca n't Be Tamed '
The Hassles when on to release two albums . In 1970 After parting ways with The Hassles Joel and Hassles Drummer Jon Small Formed a two man duo Attila .
On one famous occasion , an air raid interrupted a performance of Beethoven 's Symphony No. 7 .
Anne Marie would remain a devoted wife .
The first software test version -LRB- also known as a beta version -RRB- for Windows 2000 was released on September 27 , 1997 . Several more test versions were released until Beta 3 , which was released on April 29 , 1999 .
This inexperience with romance was a factor in Harry 's failed relationship with Cho Chang .
McDonald 's has been around since 1955 , when it was started by Ray Kroc in Des Plaines , Illinois .
La Silla is a 2,400 meter high mountain that is found in the far southern part of the Atacama Desert . It can be found about 160 kilometers north of La Serena , 27 kilometers south of the Las Campanas Observatory , and about 100 kilometers north of the Cerro Tololo Observatory .
He then leaned his shoulder into a fellow rider as he traveled away from the apex .
However , in 1959 , when Dr. Pall 's first wife , Josephine , died of aplastic anemia , he began to work on the Pall filter .
If the type of ISBN must be specified , the ISBN-10 and ISBN-13 templates may be used .
When talking to reporters Eddie said : `` I was broke , hungry , jobless ... yet despite the fact that all three of us are old-time aviators who did our part for the development of the industry , we were left out in the cold in the Administrationâ s program of job making .
At the 41st nested `` if '' keyword , then an error message might appear as : `` Exceeded nesting limit '' .
120 BC -RRB- was a Greek astronomer , geographer , and mathematician . He lived in the Hellenistic period .
The Fundamental Theorem of Calculus is a theorem that says , where F -LRB- x -RRB- is the antiderivative of f -LRB- x -RRB- . It states that the area under a curve , from a point where x = a to a point where x = b , is equal to the the antiderivative of the function at b , minus the antiderivative of the function at a.
Hiromasa Suguri -LRB- born 29 July 1976 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The line is 20 km long with 16 stations and operated by SBS Transit .
McEver was the first ever All American for the Tennessee Volunteers football team .
`` We , ------ by the grace of God , Emperor and Autocrat of all the Russias , of Moscow , Kiev , Vladimir , Novgorod , Tsar of Kazan , Tsar of Astrakhan , Tsar of Poland , Tsar of Siberia , Tsar of Tauric Chersonesos , Tsar of Georgia , Lord of Pskov , and Grand Duke of Smolensk , Lithuania , Volhynia , Podolia , and Finland , and so forth , and so forth , and so forth . ''
Elsa Einstein , -LRB- 18 January , 1876 - 20 December , 1936 -RRB- , was the second wife and cousin of the German phyicist , Albert Einstein .
In March 1995 , Linux 1.2.0 was released -LRB- 310,950 lines of code -RRB- .
Caesar had four documented episodes of what may have been complex partial seizures .
Cattle farms use about 57 % of the total area , mostly in central and eastern Cape York Peninsula .
He also provided information on a proposed French-American invasion of Quebec that was to go up the Connecticut River .
The primary object is to score by kicking or striking the ball with the hand and getting it through the goals .
Light exists in tiny packets called photons . It shows properties of both waves and particles .
In all later Films , Brosnan wore an Omega Seamaster Professional Chronometer .
There was also a version played on television . There are also ones that are more graphic .
It was billed as a battle of Rangers managerial staff , with ex-boss Dick Advocaat , currently the manager of Zenit , pitted against current boss Walter Smith , who has had two stints as manager of Rangers , with both completing the Scottish domestic treble ; Smith in 1993 , Advocaat in 1999 .
Before the band released its first album in 1999 , Slipknot has gone through many line-up changes .
The oldest right-of-way , that of the BMT West End Line , was in use in 1863 as a steam railroad called the Brooklyn , Bath and Coney Island Rail Road .
This declaration resulted in many senators fearing that Caesar 's ambition was to overthrow the Senate in favor of a tyranny .
The Long-beaked Echidna is also larger that the Short-beaked species . It reached up to 16.5 kilograms , the snout is longer and turns downward , and the spines are almost indistinguishable from the long fur .
Other famous visitors to the Ã ras an UachtarÃ in have been Princess Grace of Monaco and her husband , Prince Rainier III ; King Baudouin of the Belgians ; King Juan Carlos and Queen Sophia ; Pope John Paul II ; Prince Charles , and Prince Philip .
The family is predominantly distributed around the tropics , where those with edible fruits were amongst the earliest cultivated plants in both the Old and New Worlds .
City hall was built around Rore Tower in 1515 .
Vassiriki Abou Diaby -LRB- ; born 11 May 1986 -RRB- , commonly known as Abou Diaby , is a French footballer who plays for English club Arsenal in the Premier League and the France national team .
Julen Lopetegui -LRB- born 28 August , 1966 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
The Whale are the top affiliate of the National Hockey League 's New York Rangers and are one of several professional hockey teams in Connecticut .
Rather than risk the difficult passage around Land 's End they would disembark their ships on the North Cornish coast and progress to ports such as Fowey on foot .
According to the lawsuit , the band `` repudiated '' a 1999 contract in July .
Lavilledieu is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Saint-Pierre-de-M Ã zoargues is a commune of 250 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
As with radio in general , the birth of amateur radio was strongly associated with various amateur experimenters and hobbyists .
Examples include the North American pack rats , a number of species loosely called kangaroo rats , and others .
Rejecting the idea that it is not possible to `` meaningfully apologise for something a former generation did , '' Livingstone emphasised that London and by implication the rest of the developed world still profited enormously from the assets accumulated in the slave era , adding `` It was the racial murder of not just those who were transported but generations of enslaved African men , women and children .
However , when not nested beyond 40 levels , then a template can contain hundreds of if-expressions and switch-branches -LRB- but not all nested inside the others -RRB- .
-LRB- Anjaneya , which means `` son of Anjana '' , is another name of Hanuman -RRB- .
In 2007 , the show was nominated for `` Outstanding Animated Program '' in the 2007 Emmy Awards for the `` City of Walls and Secrets '' episode , though it did not win .
PÃ rez competed in the United States-based Skip Barber National Championship in 2004 .
If they wo n't , I want somebody else to do it , '' announced Richard Leakey .
Terence Gordon Sawchuk -LRB- December 28 , 1929 in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canadaâ `` May 31 , 1970 in New York City , New York , United States -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played 21 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings , Boston Bruins , Toronto Maple Leafs , Los Angeles Kings , and New York Rangers .
Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words `` 4REAL '' into his arm with a razor blade -LRB- narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches -RRB- in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic .
As of 2000 , the population was 57,491 .
The Jikji was written by the Buddhist monk Baegun -LRB- 1298-1374 , Buddhist name Gyeonghan -RRB- , who served as the chief priest of Anguk and Shingwang temples in Haeju , and was published in two volumes in Seongbulsan in 1372 .
Joshua Bell first played in the Carnegie Hall , New York in 1985 with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra .
He played shortstop and catcher on the baseball team , quarterback on the football team , and guard on the basketball team .
The 1993 novel Die Entdeckung der Currywurst -LRB- `` The Discovery of the Currywurst '' -RRB- by Uwe Timm was made into a 2008 film of the same name . The plot is based on an alternative but unproven theory that currywurst was invented in Hamburg .
On 22 August 1485 , Henry 's army defeated Richard III 's army at the Battle of Bosworth .
A mile is a unit of length .
Chiniot is a city of Punjab province in Pakistan and a capital of Chiniot District .
Ungulates -LRB- meaning roughly `` being hoofed '' or `` hoofed animal '' -RRB- are several groups of mammals , most of which use the tips of their toes , usually hoofed , to sustain their whole body weight while moving .
It was named in August 2003 after Aitna or Aitne , the divine personification of Mount Etna , whose sons by Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- are the Palici , the twin Sicilian gods of geysers -LRB- other authors have them descend from Thalia and\/or Hephaistos -RRB- .
The communion of saints is the relationship that , according to the belief of Christians , exists between them as people made holy by their link with Christ .
Bondurant is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Most IRC servers do not require users to log in , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
McLeod started his career with the St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League during the 1972 .
The Best Music prize at the largest Russian National Film Festival Kinotaur is named after Tariverdiev .
The structure of the Earth , close to the other terrestrial planets , is chemically divided into layers . The Earth has an outer silicate solid crust , a highly viscous mantle , a liquid outer core that is much less viscous than the mantle , and a solid inner core .
It is also called `` duck tape '' , `` riggers ' tape '' , `` hurricane tape '' , or `` 100-mph tape '' â '' a name that comes from the use of a specific variety of duct tape that was supposed to hold up to 100 mph -LRB- 160.93 km\/h -RRB- winds .
Pelagianism was attacked in the Council of Diospolis and condemned in 418 at the Council of Carthage . These condemnations were ratified at the Council of Ephesus in 431 .
Founded in 1880 on the Missouri River opposite Fort Pierre , Pierre has been South Dakota 's capital since it gained statehood on November 11 , 1889 , having been chosen for its location in the geographic center of the state .
Aymara -LRB- Aymar aru -RRB- is an Aymaran language spoken by the Aymara people of the Andes .
Freedom of religion .
Later in the season , a major hurricane moved northwestward across the Western Atlantic to the north of Puerto Rico .
He then sang in coffee bars .
Additionally , the regional train and coach network is colour-coded Purple .
This metadata template provides for automatic data gathering and cataloging .
Alexander Elliot Anderson `` Alex '' Salmond MSP -LRB- ; born 31 December 1954 -RRB- is a Scottish politician , the fourth and current First Minister of Scotland .
K-DST -LRB- Classic rock -RRB- , Playback FM -LRB- Old school Hip-Hop -RRB- , K-Rose -LRB- Country -RRB- , Bounce FM -LRB- Funk -RRB- , K-Jah West -LRB- Reggae and dub -RRB- , Master Sounds 98.3 -LRB- Rare groove , jazz -RRB- , CSR 103.9 -LRB- New Jack Swing and soul -RRB- , Radio Los Santos -LRB- Gangsta Rap -RRB- , SF-UR -LRB- House -RRB- , and WCTR -LRB- News & entertainment -RRB- .
They blamed Gandhi for the Partition of India , which left hundreds of thousands of people dead in the wake of religious unrest .
Scarborough left Australia 5 May 1788 , and with the Lady Penrhyn , sailed to China .
For more information about time zones , please see : time zone .
The Short-beaked Echidna is the only member of its genus , sharing the family Tachyglossidae with the surviving three species of the genus Zaglossus that live in New Guinea .
Cloppenburg is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany , capital of Cloppenburg District .
In theory , mixing equal amounts of all three pigments should produce gray , resulting in black when all three are applied in sufficient density , but in practice they tend to produce muddy brown colors .
Ferenc Szisz won the first French Grand Prix at the wheel of a Renault .
Friday Night SmackDown !
Diagonal is a kind of straight line . A diagonal line does not go straight up , down , or across .
This is the list of World War I veterans who died in the year 2007 .
So a transgender woman like this might have a female gender identity , but have a male sex and a male gender presentation .
The song became the 1000th number-one single in the chart 's history , and the nineteenth song to debut at number one .
Her reign was the third longest , at 14 years , behind only that of the first women 's champion , Vera Menchik , who reigned for 17 years from 1927 until her death in 1944 , and that of Gaprindashvili 's 16 years .
Because the Kansas Turnpike was built before the Interstate Highway System , it is not engineered to current Interstate Highway standards .
Often people use soaps and detergents to assist in the emulsification of oils and dirt particles so they can be washed away .
Campbell served as a member of the French Spoliation Claims Commission in 1831 .
It moved back to its original home after the rebuilding in 1955 .
Michaels then trapped Flair in his modified figure four leglock , but Flair delivered a thumb to the eye to Michaels to break the submission .
Francis Anthony Aylmer Maude -LRB- born 4 July 1953 -RRB- is a British politician , member of the Conservative Party and current Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General as well as a Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- representing the constituency of Horsham .
A group called The Marching Xenas has participated in many gay and lesbian pride parades .
At the start of the Permian , the Earth was still at the grip of an Ice age from the Carboniferous .
`` Our Friend is so contented -LRB- happy -RRB- with our girlies , souls have much developed , '' Alexandra wrote to Nicholas on December 6 , 1916 .
Towards the end of this section , the music gets quite animated and forms the climax of the song .
Emmetsburg is a city of Iowa in the United States .
When finding out that Ned 's house is to be repossessed , Homer feels bad and decides to get the store back in business by telling all the left-handed people about it .
Meowth is one of the characters in the PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon games .
Lake Torrens is usually a dry salt flat . It has been filled with water only once in the past 150 years .
Zentyal -LRB- formerly eBox Platform -RRB- is an open source server aimed at small and medium enterprises -LRB- SMEs -RRB- .
Prato -LRB- Leventina -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Aang consistently shows a reluctance to fight and an aversion against killing .
James Boswell , 9th Laird of Auchinleck -LRB- 29 October 1740 â `` 19 May 1795 -RRB- was a lawyer , diarist , and author born in Edinburgh , Scotland ; he is best known for his biography of Samuel Johnson .
La Barben is a commune of 649 people -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
He has held his current post , the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry , at MIT since 1989 .
The 1986 â `` 87 season was his first full year in the NHL .
Unknown to Celestial Being and the A-Laws , a third party is manipulating both sides of the conflict .
From museums , parks and historic places to archaeology , the natural environment and cultural traditions , HLF provides grants to support all aspects of the UK 's diverse heritage .
Several reviewers underline the novel 's ironic and satirical aspect . The names of the characters , Latin quotations and idioms add to this as much as the parallelism between the seven days of Creation and scientific hominization .
In the U.S. , the standard style is called American style , typesettersâ rules , printersâ rules , typographical usage , or traditional punctuation , whereby commas and periods are almost always placed inside closing quotation marks .
Mandach is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Cornell originally played drums while singing , but in 1985 the band enlisted Scott Sundquist to allow Cornell to concentrate on vocals .
This template provides the image name for the coat of arms of an Italian province for the standard province code -LRB- e.g. VT -RRB- .
As prison regulations slackened and as prisoners became either apathetic or too ill to maintain their plots , the garden was consolidated into one large workable area .
Hattusili III was a king of the Hittite empire around 1267 â `` 1237 BC .
Vonnegut suffered irreversible brain injuries following a fall at his home and died in Manhattan on April 11 , 2007 .
Jim Backus was the voice of Mr. Magoo . Mr. Magoo was not able to see well because he was very farsighted .
The hill chain extends from southwest to northeast parallel to the course of the Danube River and is continued on either side of the district .
While not a child prodigy , he began piano at secondary school , before going on to study at the St. Petersburg Conservatory in Leningrad from 1972 to 1977 .
Matilda married Stephen I of England in -LRB- 1125 -RRB- They were deeply in love until two of there children died Baldwin and Matilda .
Port Vale Football Club are an English football club currently playing in Football League Two .
Richard Witschge -LRB- born 20 September 1969 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player .
The 1956 Formula One season was the 7th of the championship .
The underside of the deck can be printed with a design by the manufacturer , blank , or decorated by any other means .
The strongest reported wind gust in Ireland was at the Valentia Observatory , where 56 mph -LRB- 91 km\/h -RRB- gusts were reported .
Leathermouth released their first studio album , XO on January 27 , 2009 through Epitaph .
The North Melbourne Football Club -LRB- nicknamed The Kangaroos -RRB- is the fourth oldest Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League -LRB- AFL -RRB- and is one of the oldest sporting clubs in Australia and the world .
Oisy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As of the census of 2000 , there are 38,577 people , 19,418 households , and 6,835 families residing in the city .
The current circumscription includes 13 genera , all tropical plants .
The actual implementation was postponed until January 13 , 1966 , following the completion of a special study group report on the federal role in solving urban problems .
In addition , there are a few special grain alignments .
Morley 's Plaine and Easie Introduction to Practicall Musicke -LRB- published 1597 -RRB- remained popular for almost two hundred years after its author 's death , and remains an important reference for information about sixteenth century composition and performance .
The Bionicle franchise has been well received , with one reviewer describing the sets as `` good combination of assembly and action figure '' and first-year sales of 100 million British pounds -LRB- 161.7 million USD -RRB- .
Poussy-la-Campagne is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Spanish term Mesa Verde translates into English as `` green table . '' Approximately 600 of the over 4700 archeological sites found in Mesa Verde National Park are cliff dwellings .
Wulff was born in OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck and is Roman Catholic .
Graham Cluley , a technology consultant from Sophos , said `` We have no way of knowing if it was written by the FBI , and even if we did , we wouldnâ t know whether it was being used by the FBI or if it had been commandeered by a third party '' .
Compressors are similar to pumps : both increase the pressure on a fluid and both can transport the fluid through a pipe .
Saint - Ã milion is a commune .
: Mother of God and Virgin , rejoice , Mary full of grace , the Lord is with thee .
Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Callac is a commune . It is found in the region Bretagne in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in the west of France .
Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Final Fantasy XII is a fantasy role-playing video game for the Playstation 2 .
They later adopted four children from The Cradle in Evanston , Illinois : Eleanora , Linda , Kelly and Anthony -LRB- d. 2004 -RRB- .
Noaillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Karbon14 -LRB- also known as Kontour , which was known KIllustrator -RRB- is a vector graphics editor .
Female signals are based on that received from the male , each female having a repertoire of signals matching the delay and duration of the female of the corresponding species .
Roach has claimed in his book , Coldplay : Nobody Said It Was Easy , that although `` Shiver '' earned the band their first UK Top 40 single , it was `` Yellow '' that has changed `` everything '' , and that it `` exemplifies so much of what had made Coldplay so popular '' .
After being cared for by medical personnel , a helicopter was brought in and Skupin was removed from the game .
If you have just created an article and it is nominated for speedy deletion , it can be sensible to add the tag and then to state on the article 's talk page that you are still working on the article .
This is done by messenger RNA -LRB- mRNA -RRB- .
It is stolen by her immortal brothers as a prank , Deimos and Phobos -LRB- gods of terror and fear respectively -RRB- .
Siminicea is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
The karate gi appears to have been developed from the Judo uniform .
The Farthest Shore is the third of a series of books written by Ursula K. Le Guin and set in her fantasy archipelago of Earthsea , first published in 1972 .
Yasuaki Okamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for Consadole Sapporo .
Funafuti is the largest atoll of the nine low reef islands and atolls that form the Tuvalu volcanic island chain .
Vaughan Williams dedicated the piece to Butterworth 's memory after his death .
Common examples of embedded monolithic kernels are Embedded Linux and Windows CE .
The first five seasons aired on The WB , and in 2001 , it transferred to the UPN for its final two seasons .
Composers such as Orlando Gibbons , John Blow , Sigismund von Neukomm , and Henry Purcell wrote voluntaries , although sometimes they preferred to use other titles such as fancy -LRB- an English form of the Italian word fantasia -RRB- , or even fugue .
The cave-dwelling predators capture crustaceans under 1 m long by entangling them with fine threads , digest them by enveloping them with further threads over the course of a few days , and then return to their normal shape ; there is no evidence that they use venom .
Levine stated that `` looking for Jess was a really tough hunt .
-LRB- U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System : -RRB-
Often said to be the `` backbone of England '' , they form an unbroken range stretching from the Peak District in the Midlands , through the Yorkshire Dales , parts of Greater Manchester , the West Pennine Moors of Lancashire and Cumbrian Fells to the Cheviot Hills on the Scottish border .
The cryosphere is an integral part of the global climate system with important linkages and feedbacks generated through its influence on surface energy and moisture fluxes , clouds , precipitation , hydrology , atmospheric and oceanic circulation .
Alette is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Opposite the East Stand is the The Phil O'Donnell Stand , which was previously known as the Main Stand .
These `` walk-and-talks '' create a dynamic feel for what would otherwise be long expository dialogue , and have become a staple for dialogue-intensive television show scenes .
Abkhaz is a Northwest Caucasian language spoken mainly by the Abkhaz people .
The Enthronement of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the Sacred Heart .
Despite hints from the player himself that he would leave to get more first-team opportunities , Miller vowed to stay at the club and fight for his place at the club .
Shin Asahina is a former Japanese footballer .
Copy a blank version to use .
It was used by the monks of Zen Buddhism in the practice of suizen -LRB- blowing meditation -RRB- .
On March 1 , 2001 , a moon of Camilla was found by A. Storrs , F. Vilas , R. Landis , E. Wells , C. Woods , B. Zellner , and M. Gaffey using the Hubble Space Telescope .
Bull noticed the 15-year-old boy 's talent and persuaded his parents to let him go to Leipzig in Germany to study music .
In addition to announcing SmackDown and pay-per-view matches , Roberts would also announce on WWE Superstars , including its inaugural episode on April 16 , 2009 .
Sports View was important in creating pay-per-view networks . It was a part of creating TigerVision for LSU , TideVision for Alabama , and UT Vol Seat for Tennessee .
Structural engineering has existed since humans first started to construct their own structures .
Dorengt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Marcelo GonÃ alves Costa Lopes -LRB- born 22 February , 1966 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The Wistert brothers grew up on the northwest side of Chicago and were the sons of a Lithuanian family .
Habitat fragmentation invariably involves some amount of habitat destruction .
In the wider senses , the composition of two improper rotations is a proper rotation , and the product of an improper and a proper rotation is an improper rotation .
The population is 305 people as of 2000 .
Evolutionary biology as an academic discipline in its own right emerged as a result of the modern evolutionary synthesis in the 1930s and 1940s .
The Conservatoire de Paris -LRB- Paris Conservatoire -RRB- is a music conservatory where students can study dance , drama and music .
Exact numbers are difficult to estimate , but approximately one in a thousand sports main parachute openings malfunction , and must be cut away , although some skydivers have many hundreds of jumps and never cut away .
The larvae of a number of Lepidoptera species also feed on the plant .
From 1969 to 1974 , he was Federal Minister of the Interior under Chancellor Willy Brandt .
Live from Le Cabaret is a hit live studio album by Rock-Pop band Maroon 5 . The album was exclusively released on iTunes Store on July 8th of 2008 .
Anchiornis is notable for its long forelimbs , which were 80 % of the total length of the hind limbs .
There were 75,700 households out of which 39.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them . 53.5 % were married couples living together .
Wisen is a municipality in the district of GÃ sgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
This is an international register of properties that are recognized as having outstanding cultural or natural values of international significance .
Shigeki Tsujimoto -LRB- è 3\/4 '' æ è è 1\/4 , born 23 June 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Indochina , or the Indochinese Peninsula , is a region in Southeast Asia .
Whatever the case , the result was the execution of Silius , Messalina , and most of her circle .
Newsoms is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
Lentils are relatively tolerant to drought and are grown throughout the world .
Decorah is a city in and the county seat of Winneshiek County , Iowa , United States .
Center pivot irrigation is a type of sprinkler irrigation .
The winner is selected by a poll of the National Hockey League Broadcasters Association at the end of the regular season .
Therefore , ratites are a group of medium to large birds , most of whom are flightless , with the exception of the tinamous . The ratites evolved flightlessness more than once .
Tristan da Cunha is the most remote archipelago -LRB- group of islands -RRB- and the most remote inhabited archipelago in the world .
The conspirators ' attempt to use the opportunity to restore the Roman Republic was thwarted , as the same day the Praetorian Guard declared Caligula 's uncle Claudius emperor in his place .
For example , goalball is only for visually impaired athletes .
Stage One of the Park was declared on 5 April 1979 .
At the 2008 edition of Backlash , Triple H won the WWE Championship .
The Allied Powers were told at the Potsdam conference that the former Free State was now part of Poland .
Italy declared war on France on 10 June and soon afterwards the French government fled to the city of Bordeaux .
If Hope is imprisoned in the jar , does this mean that human existence is utterly hopeless ?
Tradition holds that monks from Gorgona rescued the relics of Saint Julia of Corsica before they were carried to the mainland in the 8th century .
In October 2003 , Texstar created a fork of Mandrake Linux 9.2 .
and signed with Reprise Records after getting the attention of producer Rob Cavallo .
On July 1 , 2008 , Babchuk re-signed with the Hurricanes to a one-year contract for the 2008 â `` 09 season .
Although Puerto Rico is a U.S. Commonwealth , Vieques , like the rest of Puerto Rico , retains strong Spanish influences from 400 years of Spanish ownership .
One legend holds that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a form of boxing in which two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed .
JoaquÃ n Rodrigo -LRB- born Sagunto , Valencia , 22 November 1901 ; died Madrid , 6 July 1999 -RRB- was a Spanish composer of classical music and a virtuoso pianist .
Even after the move to Epsom the two mothers of Samuel and Isabella kept talking to one another .
He also met the Norwegian composer Rikard Nordraak who had composed the Norwegian national anthem .
To the Emperor Caesar Flavius Constantinus , the greatest , pious , and blessed Augustus : because he , inspired by the divine , and by the greatness of his mind , has delivered the state from the tyrant and all of his followers at the same time , with his army and just force of arms , the Senate and People of Rome have dedicated this arch , decorated with triumphs .
Generally , they are not overly desirous of giving up their identity as Arabs , which might be a result of the bloom in multiculturalism and political correctness to respect their Islamic religious customs and traditions in the United States .
Plasma is obtained from whole blood .
Hindenburg issued a press release about his meeting with Hitler that seemed to say that Hitler had demanded absolute power and that the President had refused .
Thomas Wedgwood was married firstly to Isabell Beech . Their children were :
In addition to reducing waste , SPC can lead to a reduction in the time required to produce the product or service from end to end .
Dahuk -LRB- Duhok -RRB-
following Stan 's exclamation of the popular catchphrase , `` Oh my God , they killed Kenny '' after one of Kenny 's trademark deaths .
Kristen was born in Los Angeles , California on April 9 , 1990 .
Saint-Andr Ã - du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 40 AD , Romans took over Chellah and changed it to the Roman settlement of Sala Colonia .
Car No. 31 was destroyed by an incendiary bomb on 30 November 1940 .
Pakistan covers an area of 796095 k , approximately equaling the combined land areas of France and the United Kingdom .
Thus , under the modern notation , the distress signal becomes SOS .
As an advocate for Samuel de Champlain and of the retention of Quebec , he founded the Compagnie des Cent-Associ Ã s and saw the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye return Quebec City to French rule under Champlain , after the settlement had been captured by the Kirkes in 1629 .
Sierre is connected with Crans-Montana by a funicular railway .
The table below shows all-time statistics of all teams attended in the 9 seasons held .
According to Gieb Botkin , `` in naughtiness she was a true genius '' . He was the son of the court doctor Yevgeny Botkin , who later died with the family at Ekaterinburg .
The word 's literal meaning is `` flower town '' .
A recombinant frequency -LRB- RF -RRB- of 1 % is equivalent to 1 m.u. .
Rachel Donelson Jackson later on married Andrew Jackson , the President .
The statue was first unveiled on August 4 , 1937 , by the Holstein Frisian Association of Canada .
In Aztec mythology , Huitzilopochtli , also spelled ' -LRB- `` Hummingbird on the Left '' , or `` Left-Handed Hummingbird '' , huitzilin being Nahuatl for hummingbird -RRB- , was a god of war , a sun god , and the patron of the city of Tenochtitlan . He was also the national god of the Mexicas of Tenochtitlan .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said , `` On behalf of President Obama and the people of the United States , I offer my condolences for the loss of life and damage in Queensland caused by the recent flooding . ''
\/ \* User block messages \* \/ div . user-block
In the next reward challenge , where family and loved ones of the players were brought to the islands , Jon had planned weeks before with his best friend to play the story of a `` dead grandmother '' , hoping to use it to gain sympathy .
It also omits a FireWire port , Ethernet port , line-in , media card slots -LRB- except the 13 '' 2010 model , which has an SD card slot -RRB- , and a Kensington Security Slot .
When using this form of customization to select your own modules , please do not also import one of the presets ; this could cause a malfunction .
At first they were classified as AM3 units before the introduction of the TOPS classification system . They were the dominant EMU on the Glasgow suburban railway network for over 25 years .
Fruitadens is the smallest known ornithischian dinosaur , with young adults estimated at 65 to 75 cm -LRB- 26 to 30 in -RRB- in length and 0.5 to 0.75 kg -LRB- 1.1 to 1.7 lb -RRB- in weight . Fruitadens it is interpreted as an omnivore .
Runs batted in or RBI is a statistic used in baseball and softball to credit a batter when the outcome of his at-bat results in a run being scored , except in certain situations such as when an error is made on the play .
Alitalia has since opened up code-share agreements with SkyTeam members , allowing passengers to fly to numerous destinations using a single Alitalia ticket .
On 27 April 1941 , a newly formed unit of the UstaÅ e army killed members of the largely Serbian community of Gudovac , near Bjelovar .
Jem and Scout befriend a boy named Dill who visits Maycomb to stay with his aunt for the summer .
The name of the municipality stems from the Augustinian monastery Crucelin , which was later renamed Kreuzlingen Abbey .
Mostly , they have chosen to rent apartments or hotel suites in Bern -LRB- at their own expense -RRB- , However , they are entitled to use the Federal Council 's country estate , Lohn , for holidays ; this estate is also used to host official guests of the Swiss Confederation .
The age of cellular pathology was born .
The Maritime Command -LRB- MARCOM -RRB- is the navy of Canada and is often called the Canadian Navy . It is part of the Canadian Forces .
He said the song could `` raise chills up the spine . ''
The Book of Enoch -LRB- also 1 Enoch -RRB- is an ancient Jewish religious work , ascribed to Enoch , the great-grandfather of Noah .
He appears in the television series Star Trek : The Next Generation and the feature films Star Trek Generations , Star Trek : First Contact , Star Trek : Insurrection , and Star Trek Nemesis .
In 1978 Gaprindashvili became the first woman to be awarded the Grandmaster title .
Lafayette County was named in honor of the Marquis de Lafayette , the French citizen who rendered assistance to the colonies during the American Revolutionary War .
She was known as the `` Rainha do Fado '' -LRB- `` Queen of Fado '' -RRB- and was most influential in popularizing the fado worldwide .
The Jordan is a frequent symbol in folk , gospel , and spiritual music , or in poetic or literary works .
It is the state bird of Alaska .
Shangri-La is an imaginary valley in the 1933 novel Lost Horizon by James Hilton .
In a private conversation , Schill then demanded that Beust take back the dismissal , allegedly using personal threats .
He was the middle of three children , with an older brother , Philip , and a younger sister , Sally .
Boutsen then pulled away while Patrese held up the others until Nannini streamed by with Senna following him .
In this example , the table contains only integer values .
From 2008 it will take place for at least another 7 years .
Little came of this effort .
This number grew over time , and typical CPUs now have about 512 KB , while more powerful CPUs come with 1 or 2 or even 4 , 6 , 8 or 12 MB , organized in multiple levels of a memory hierarchy .
The final sound effect of a chicken clucking was so placed that it transforms into the guitar on the following track , `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -LRB- Reprise -RRB- '' .
On 19 August 2003 , Beust dismissed his vice-mayor Ronald Schill , causing a scandal .
He is now conductor for life at the Berlin State Opera .
Khalid Anees , president of the Islamic Society of Britain attended a conference called ` Creationism : Science and Faith in Schools ' . During that conference , he made points including the following : There is no contradiction between what is revealed in the Koran and natural selection and survival of the fittest .
Found in 2003 it has been dated to approximately 18,000 years old .
Toshiyasu Takahara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Consadole Sapporo .
Nevertheless , Flora was almost certainly disrupted by the impact -LRB- s -RRB- that formed the family , and is probably a gravitational aggregate of most of the pieces .
The East River is a tidal strait in New York City .
RÄ dÄ Å eni is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Tom Ridge was the first leader of the Department of Homeland Security .
Its population was 759 as of 2000 .
Michio Yasuda -LRB- born November 10 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Recipients of the award included competitors , coaches , sports scientists , office holders , and people who maintained sporting facilities and services .
At its inception , the IRL used methanol racing fuel . Methanol has been the standard choice in American open wheel racing since a fiery crash at the 1964 Indianapolis 500 .
The Hydrogenophilaceae are a family of Betaproteobacteria , with two genera .
BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde is left alone with Gunther and Hagen .
The gladiators initially were described from old museum specimens that originally were found in Namibia -LRB- Mantophasma zephyrum -RRB- and Tanzania -LRB- M. subsolanum -RRB- , and from a 45-million-year-old specimen of Baltic amber -LRB- Raptophasma kerneggeri -RRB- .
The song became the group 's first number one in the UK on October 15 , 2006 , staying there for two weeks , and later rose to number one on the Modern Rock charts on October 26 , 2006 , where it would stay for seven weeks .
Nearing the end , the monks began to believe that Gyatso interfered too much , so they decide to send Aang to the Eastern Air Temple .
A gastroscopy , blood test , complete blood count test , or a faeces test may be used to diagnose gastritis .
During the 2008 â `` 2009 Grand Prix Final , which was held in Goyang , South Korea , she was placed first in the short program with 65.94 points and second in the free skate where she earned 120.41 points .
Mary I -LRB- 18 February 1516 â `` 17 November 1558 -RRB- was Queen regnant of England and Ireland from July 1553 until her death .
Backlash : In Your House was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- promotion , which took place on April 25 , 1999 at the Providence Civic Center in Providence , Rhode Island .
The following list classifies several Indian cities based on their CCA and HRA statuses .
There are 19,915 housing units at an average density of 6,007.2 \/ kmÂ -LRB- 15,610.7 \/ miÂ -RRB- .
Miyuki Komatsu is a Japanese actress .
The building was heavily damaged by Allied bombing in World War II and rebuilt to the original plans between 1951 and 1956 .
After the occupation of Bohemia and Moravia on March 15 , 1939 and the Slovak declaration of an independent state , Ruthenia declared its independence -LRB- Republic of Carpatho-Ukraine -RRB- but it was immediately occupied and later annexed by Hungary .
Many Christian African Americans who celebrate Kwanzaa do so in addition to observing Christmas .
A child prodigy , he gave his first organ recital at the age of ten .
Gravitational potential energy is experienced by an object when height and mass is a factor in the system . Gravitational potential energy cause 's objects to move towards each other .
Later searches with the Hubble Space Telescope in 1993 found no satellites .
As a Germanic language , Gothic is a part of the Indo-European language family .
This was not the only pencil-making occurring in Concord .
The song is about New York City , and has a music sample of `` Love on a Two-Way Street '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- by The Moments .
Complex organisms became gradually more common in the Proterozoic , but it was not until the Cambrian that mineralised â `` hence readily fossilised â `` organisms became common .
Florence Leontine Mary Welch -LRB- born 28 August 1986 in London -RRB- is the daughter of Evelyn and Nick Welch . Evelyn Welch is a Professor of Renaissance Studies and Academic Dean for Arts at Queen Mary , University of London and author and formerly a Studio 54 regular .
Its main tributary is the Benue River .
Most are organized by volunteers in non-profit groups , though most media-oriented events are organized by commercial promoters .
Creon sentences her to death .
It has also had difficult relations with Afghanistan and Iran , however it has had long-standing close relations with China , extensive security and economic interests in the Persian Gulf and wide-ranging bilateral relations with the United States and other Western countries .
See Namespace for the full list of namespace numbers .
`` I Want You '' is a song by Marvin Gaye .
The RCA initials stand for Radio Corporation of America -LRB- later renamed RCA Corporation -RRB- , which was the parent corporation from 1929 to 1985 and a partner from 1985 to 1986 .
Classification formalises what constitutes a `` state secret '' and accords different levels of protection based on the expected damage the information might cause in the wrong hands .
Its plumage is lavender-blue to mid-blue in the crest , back , wings , and tail , and its face is white .
Galax is an independent city in the southwestern part of the Commonwealth of Virginia .
Florent Johan Malouda -LRB- ; born 13 June 1980 -RRB- is a French footballer who plays as a left winger for Chelsea of the Premier League and for the French national team .
These are lists of active and all-time NHL team post-season , post-season series win , Stanley Cup Final and Stanley Cup droughts up to and including the 2008 Stanley Cup Playoffs .
The band 's second world tour started in January 2001 .
For example , abortion may be induced in mares that have been mated improperly , or that have been purchased by owners who did not realize the mares were pregnant , or that are pregnant with twin foals .
The term `` rat '' is also used in the names of other small mammals which are not true rats . Examples include the North American pack rats , a number of species loosely called kangaroo rats , and others .
Sonic Adventure DX : Directors Cut is an advanced version of Sonic Adventure for the Nintendo GameCube , and Microsoft Windows . It was not as popular as Sonic Adventure .
The violence resulted in the killing of 20,000 to 30,000 Haitian civilians over a span of approximately five days .
Very simple programs can be created in the menu on the NXT Intelligent Brick .
Cavaillon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
This is the documentation of Template : gcd .
In Bus Stop , Monroe played ChÃ rie , a saloon singer with little talent who falls in love with a cowboy .
Grace Patricia Kelly -LRB- November 12 , 1929 â `` September 14 , 1982 -RRB- was an Irish American actress and Princess consort of Monaco .
The name for the city employed by the ancient Egyptians is written as Akhetaten -LRB- or Akhetaton â `` transliterations vary -RRB- in English transliteration .
On June 29 , 1956 , Monroe married playwright Arthur Miller , whom she first met in 1950 , in a civil ceremony in White Plains , New York .
It refers to the large Achilles tendon needed to use the sickle claw on the foot , which was the major weapon of dromaeosaurids .
According to Dr Tessa Hofmann , Turkish officials frequently used the accusation of collaboration with the ASALA and foreign Armenian circles to incriminate extreme left-wing Turkish opposition groups .
He was first elected as a Member of the European Parliament in 1999 and was re-elected in 2004 and 2009 .
Rome is a city of Iowa in the United States .
He is best known for his work with the band BÃ la Fleck and the Flecktones .
The novel won the 1997 Locus Award , and was nominated for both the 1998 Nebula Award and the 1997 World Fantasy Award .
In August 2009 , Ivory was dismissed from the Washington State team for violating team rules .
An eraser is a tool made from rubber that is used to get rid of marks made from a pencil , or some types of pen .
Incheon Subway and Seoul Metropolitan Subway is linked -LRB- line number 1 -RRB- and it takes approximately an hour from Incheon subway station to Seoul Station .
Before writing Dracula , Stoker spent several years researching European folklore and mythological stories of vampires .
The draft is very odious in the State ... the Democratic leaders have succeeded in exciting prejudice and passion , and have infused their poison into the minds of the people to a very large extent , and the changes are against us .
Leopold Damrosch , Franz Liszt 's former concertmaster at Weimar , served as conductor of the Philharmonic for the 1876-1877 season .
Longfellow often used didacticism in his poetry , though he focused on it less in his later years .
Warming centers are generally opened for only a few days at a time based on the conditions of the area , although some are open for specific portion of the year when weather conditions are adverse .
The ceremony was attended by Joe Rosenthal .
The DVD Exclusive Awards is an award that honors direct to video productions .
The title is taken from his poem , `` The Negro Speaks of Rivers '' . Within the center of the cosmogram , above his ashes , is the line : `` My soul has grown deep like the rivers '' .
Three major paths were available : do nothing -LRB- Norwegian written language , i.e. Danish , was already different from Swedish -RRB- , Norwegianise the Danish language , or build a new national language based on Modern Norwegian dialects .
Superhero is a live album by comedian Stephen Lynch that has many kinds of comedy songs on it .
The Prime Minister has a discretion to advise the Governor-General to call an election for the House of Representatives at any time , but Senate elections can only be held within certain periods prescribed in the Constitution .
Birch wrestled in the indies with the name Joey Matthews , and is now working with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- on its SmackDown ! show , where he wrestles as Joey Mercury .
Classic Team Lotus continues to maintain Lotus F1 cars and run them in the FIA Historic Formula One Championship and it preserves the Team Lotus archive and Works Collection of cars , under the management of Colin Chapmanâ s son , Clive .
This is most pronounced for protium and deuterium , because deuterium has twice the mass of protium .
The Nihon Shoki was written in classical Chinese , as was common for official documents at that time .
Berg worked on the piece very quickly , completing it within a few months ; it is thought that his working on the concerto was largely responsible for his failing to complete Lulu before his death on December 24 , 1935 -LRB- the violin concerto was the last work that Berg completed -RRB- .
After spending time in Europe he became a professor at Bowdoin and , later , at Harvard College .
Katsuyuki Miyazawa is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Montedio Yamagata .
They are detected by a theory called the seesaw mechanism which says that when sterile neutrinos are near other neutrinos -LRB- tiny particles which are not affected by much -RRB- , they increase their own mass by lowering the mass of the nearby neutrinos .
When the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland united to form the Kingdom of Great Britain under the Acts of Union 1707 the offices of the Chancellor of England and the Lord Chancellor of Scotland were combined to form a single office of Lord Chancellor for the new state .
These units are part of the Desiro family .
On the day of the tournament , Bart and Todd make the finals but made it a draw , which meant both Homer and Ned had to fulfill the bet .
The Lord Mayor for 2010-2011 is Alderman Michael Bear . .
In June 1958 , the London County Council proposed making use of the tunnel for light traffic coming from Waterloo Bridge in order to reduce traffic congestion at its junction with Strand and , in April 1962 , that the go-ahead was given for part of the southern end of the subway to be used in this way .
Jonathan and Stephenie made a crucial mistake by jumping off the boat and trying to outswim it , but the boat went far ahead of them .
For example , 1 megawatt equals 1,000,000 watts .
Most of the county is part of the Crystal Coast .
The company also provides education and training opportunities to employees and their children .
Team Germany won it with 128 points , 35 points lead ahead of Team New Zealand .
Nate is a South Korean web portal , developed by SK communications -LRB- Inc. -RRB- .
The common materials of masonry construction are brick , stone , marble , granite , travertine , limestone ; concrete block , glass block , stucco , and tile .
Yoshiyuki Shinoda -LRB- born 18 June 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Phoenix Park Murders were the fatal stabbings on 6 May 1882 in the Phoenix Park in Dublin of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Thomas Henry Burke .
DuniÃ re-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
It is perfectly acceptable to substitute dried for whole thyme .
This difference is possibly due to the need for moths to conserve heat during the cooler nights whereas butterflies are able to absorb solar radiation .
Perkins is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Stephen LaTreal McNair -LRB- February 14 , 1973 â `` July 4 , 2009 -RRB- -LRB- Nicknamed Air McNair -RRB- was an American football quarterback who spent the majority of his NFL career with the Tennessee Titans .
In his Nobel Prize autobiography he says , `` In some places , my birthplace is listed as Calvert City , Kentucky and in others Possum Trot -LRB- both in Marshall County -RRB- .
Andriy Anatoliyovych Rusol -LRB- born 16 January 1983 in Kirovohrad -RRB- is a Ukrainian footballer , who currently plays as a defender for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk and the Ukrainian national team .
This fan-like layout recurs a little further along to the east in the Kermario alignment .
There have been sixteen games released in the Need for Speed series .
The population were unable to start returning until December 1945 .
The first cherry blossoms happen in the subtropical southern islands of Okinawa , while on the northern island of Hokkaido , they bloom much later .
Aguilera made two other albums then . They were a Latin pop album Mi Reflejo , and a Christmas album My Kind of Christmas .
These clouds drift over the land and produce rain .
Here he finds out that the mysterious Mourning Sage had been another rider named Oromis , and his dragon Glaedr . Oromis is an Elf and is very old so he can not fight Galbatorix but he can teach Eragon and Saphira .
Tim Hortons has many outlets located on or near many Canadian Forces Bases .
2014 -LRB- MMXIV -RRB- will be a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar .
Both mother and father were Puritans .
In the United Kingdom , hearing dogs wear distinctive jackets , which are burgundy -LRB- the color of red wine -RRB- and have the logo of the charity which trains and pays for the dogs .
Acanthomyops murphii is a species of ant in the family Formicidae .
This is avoided either by applying an alternating current or by reversing the polarity of the electric field as the device is addressed -LRB- the response of the liquid crystal layer is identical , regardless of the polarity of the applied field -RRB- .
3 Juno is a main belt asteroid discovered by Karl Ludwig Harding on September 1 , 1804 . Juno was the third asteroid discovered in the Solar System and is named after Juno , the Roman goddess that is the queen of all gods .
In cryptography , RC4 -LRB- also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below -RRB- is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer -LRB- SSL -RRB- -LRB- to protect Internet traffic -RRB- and WEP -LRB- to secure wireless networks -RRB- .
The line was bought by Pilot Developments in 1998 . Pilot Developments is now known as Epping Ongar Railway Ltd. .
This template uses a position that does not collide with icons such as the `` Featured Article '' star , the `` Spoken Wikipedia '' icon , or other top-right-hand-corner icons .
She made her debut as a leading film actress in Little Secrets -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and became well-known after her transition to a more adult-oriented Golden Globe-nominated role in the teen drama film Thirteen -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
Julius Aghahowa -LRB- born 12 February 1982 -RRB- is a Nigerian football player . He plays for Shakhtar Donetsk .
At most oppositions , Hygiea has a magnitude of around +10.2 , which is as much as four orders fainter than Vesta , and will require at least a 4 i telescope to resolve .
Josef Alois Krips -LRB- 8 April 1902-13 October 1974 -RRB- was an Austrian conductor and violinist .
Koji Nakao -LRB- born 8 September 1981 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The concerto is scored for 2 flutes -LRB- both doubling as piccolo -RRB- , 2 oboes -LRB- one doubling as a cor anglais -RRB- , alto saxophone , 2 clarinets , bass clarinet , 2 bassoons , contrabassoon , 4 horns , 2 trumpets , 2 trombones , tuba , timpani , percussion , harp and strings .
West Berlin was called `` Berlin -LRB- West -RRB- '' by the West Germany government , and usually by the East German government . The east German spelling suggested that West Berlin was not really part of `` Berlin '' as a whole , but a separate place .
The plural of krone is kroner .
The foundation stone was placed by Hazrat Mirza Tahir Ahmad on the 19 October 1999 , in a ceremony attended by 2000 guests , and inaugurated by the current head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community , Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad , on the 3 October 2003 .
Delaware County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Tahiti Nui is heavily populated along the coast , especially around the capital Papeete .
The final batch was built in 1988 , but Mark 3-based multiple units continued to be built until the early 1990s .
In addition , he argues that `` effective protection of basic economic rights promotes economic growth . ''
The Pyrenees sailed for Western Australia on 2 February 1853 , and arrived in Fremantle on 30 April .
To hold the sacramental Host , he designed a miniature version in gilt bronze of Bramante 's Tempietto , the little chapel that marks the place of the death of St. Peter .
Numerous large cays -LRB- including what used to be one of Fidel Castro 's favorite fishing spots ; the ArchipiÃ lago Jardines de la Reina -RRB- characterize the southern coasts , while the northern coast is lined by Jardines del Rey of the Sabana-Camag Ã 1\/4 ey Archipelago .
One of them is by Joseph Martin Kraus , but he later rewrote it in C minor .
The new version of the album was released in most countries on June 17 , but the CD version was released on June 2 in the UK -LRB- with the DVD version following on June 16 -RRB- and on June 21 in Australia .
The angle 137.5 Â is related to the golden ratio and gives a close packing of florets .
bar -LRB- lambda secret-message -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
In 2006 , Hager had a WWE tryout in Deep South Wrestling , and in September 2006 , Hager made his in-ring debut for Deep South Wrestling defeating Antonio Mestre in a dark match .
`` Leonore 3 '' , composed in 1806 , is the most famous of the overtures .
Overhead lines or overhead wires are used to transmit electrical energy to trams , trolleybuses or trains at a distance from the energy supply point .
John Campbell Ross -LRB- 11 March 1899 - 3 June 2009 -RRB- was the last living Australian World War I veteran .
Bambi , a young roe deer , is the main character in Felix Salten 's Bambi , A Life in the Woods and in the Disney films based on the book .
It shares many aspects with calendars employed by other earlier Mesoamerican civilizations , such as the Zapotec and Olmec , and contemporary or later ones such as the Mixtec and Aztec calendars .
The Rhynie chert is an Early Devonian sedimentary deposit exhibiting extraordinary fossil detail or completeness -LRB- a LagerstÃ tte -RRB- .
JÃ rÃ me Boateng -LRB- born 3 September 1988 in West Berlin -RRB- is a German footballer .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- is a United States government corporation created by the Glassâ `` Steagall Act of 1933 .
In 1988 he tied for first in the World Junior Championship , the title however going to JoÃ `` l Lautier .
Gentner was , on 19 May 2009 , called up to the senior Germany squad for their tour of Asia , Gentner made his debut against China on 29 May 2009 .
The first subtropical storm of the season formed in the east-central Gulf of Mexico on June 18 , and moved northeast for its entire life cycle .
It is unknown if it was a tropical system , due to the time of year .
A fine example was his decision to classify man in a separate sub-class of the Mammalia -LRB- see Man 's place in nature -RRB- .
By tradition no Nizam has ever left India , even if there was good a reason .
He has since appeared in many other works , including My Best Friend 's Wedding , The Next Best Thing and the Shrek sequels .
In 1808 the western part of Buncombe County was made into Haywood County .
The first vest used by the team had vertical white and light blue stripes .
The subject of ammunition is a complex one which covers application of fire to targets , general use of weapons by personnel , explosives and propellants , cartridge systems , high explosive projectiles -LRB- HE -RRB- , warheads , shaped charge forms of attack on armor and aircraft , carrier projectiles , fuzes , mortar ammunition , small arms ammunition , grenades , mines , pyrotechnics , improved conventional munitions , and terminally guided munition .
He is more often called Davy Crockett .
Mateschitz was the international marketing director for Blendax , a toothpaste company , when he visited Thailand in 1982 and discovered that Krating Daeng helped to cure his jet lag .
Chamberlain was the father of Sir Austen Chamberlain and Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain .
In plants , nitrogen is needed for photosynthesis and growth . Nitrogen fixation is needed to change the nitrogen in air -LRB- N2 -RRB- into forms that can be used by life .
The first element is the genitive case of Ç `` rn , ` eagle ' and the last element is dalr , meaning ` valley ' or ` dale ' .
Caseneuve is a commune of 355 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
The Korean alphabet hangul was also invented during this time by King Sejong the Great .
In 1970 , Eastman joined the Center for the Creative and Performing Arts at SUNY Buffalo , where he met the Czech-born composer , conductor , and flute player Petr Kotik .
After Muir , Robinson went to Pasadena Junior College -LRB- PJC -RRB- . There he continued his sports career by playing basketball , football , baseball , and track .
In the past , several fishermen also lived there .
It was guessed that there were 67,232 people in Palatine in 2005 .
She runs a weekly syndicated column .
One Beacon Court -LRB- also called the Bloomberg Tower -RRB- , is a skyscraper on the East Side of Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
They catch the thief , Ethan Nakamura , but all the petals fall off because Ethan has raised the Titan Iapetus .
MaiziÃ res , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Disconnects the user from the server .
Flassan is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
These changes will not affect display , but for those curious , this is the rationale for such bot manipulations .
Ilulissat is Greenland 's most popular tourist destination on account of its proximity to the picturesque Ilulissat Icefjord . Tourism is now the town 's principal industry .
The lakes in the Eastern Rift have no outlet to the sea and tend to be shallow . Therefore they have a high mineral content , as the evaporation of water leaves the salts behind .
She emigrated to the U.S. and ended up having her own network television series , The Tracey Ullman Show , from which The Simpsons was spun off in 1989 .
Sir John `` Black Jack '' McEwen , GCMG , CH -LRB- 29 March 1900 â `` 20 November 1980 -RRB- , was an Australian politician and the 18th Prime Minister of Australia .
Germans predominate in a few cities , such as RolÃ cents ndia .
AndrÃ - Marie AmpÃ re -LRB- 20 January 1775 â `` 10 June 1836 -RRB- was a French physicist and mathematician who is generally regarded as one of the main discoverers of electromagnetism .
William Henry `` Bill '' Cosby , Jr. -LRB- born July 12 , 1937 -RRB- is an American comedian , actor , author , television producer , educator , musician and activist .
Bay Lake is a city in Orange County , Florida , United States .
Moore and Mosconi would battle it out many times in unsanctioned but publicized play .
Dotson confirmed that it was Wooley 's scream that had been in so many westerns , adding , `` He always used to joke about how he was so great about screaming and dying in films . ''
These include a convent known as the Virgins ' chapel ; a church used by Chalcedonian Armenians ; the remains of a single-arched bridge over the Arpa river ; the ruins of numerous oil-presses and several bath houses ; the remains of a second mosque with a collapsed minaret ; a palace that probably dates from the 13th century ; the foundations of several other palaces and smaller residences ; the recently excavated remains of several streets lined with shops ; etc.
In the early years , she watched over the children and the pack animals , always careful to keep a rifle within arms length .
Gruver is a city of Iowa in the United States .
In 2008 , he wrote The Dirty Energy Dilemma : Whatâ s Blocking Clean Power in the United States which was published by Praeger and won a 2009 Nautilus Award .
The Witan , the Saxon Council , was held from time to time at Runnymede during the reign of Alfred the Great .
Dormice are still eaten in Slovenia .
The Four Corners is a region of the United States consisting of the southwestern corner of Colorado , northwestern corner of New Mexico , northeastern corner of Arizona and southeastern corner of Utah . The Four Corners area is named after the quadripoint where the boundaries of the four states meet , where the Four Corners Monument is located .
Venom are an English thrash metal band that formed in 1979 in Newcastle upon Tyne .
Twitter staff won the festival 's Web Award prize . They said , `` we 'd like to thank you in 140 characters or less .
The Avas is a hill -LRB- 234 m -RRB- in the heart of Miskolc .
The GukanshÅ ruled from the palace of Akitsushima-no-miya at Muro in what will come to be known as Yamato province .
The first practical large scale application of stratigraphy was by William Smith in the 1790s and early 19th century .
Two of the most infamous ones are on the Andaman islands and Hijli .
Males may quite easily underestimate the size of their own penis relative to that of others , and many men who believe that their penis is of inadequate size have average-sized penises .
After Labor 's defeat at the 2001 election , Gillard was elected to the shadow cabinet , with the portfolio of population and immigration .
The term `` bell peppers '' is rarely used , usually in reference to C. annuum and other varieties which look like a `` capsicum '' or bell but are fairly hot .
He died on November 19 , 1850 , just two weeks into his term .
The map lichen is a species of lichen , Rhizocarpon geographicum , which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution .
It is the opening track on his album Imagine , released in 1971 .
The Second-in-Command of a company , squadron or artillery battery -LRB- in which he or she is called the Battery Captain -RRB- is usually a Captain -LRB- although infantry company Second-in-Commands were usually Lieutenants until after the Second World War -RRB- , the Second-in-Command of a platoon or troop is the Platoon or Troop Sergeant , and the Second-in-Command of a section is usually a Lance Corporal .
Tourville-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A request line containing only the path name is accepted by servers to maintain compatibility with HTTP clients before the HTTP\/1 .0 standard .
Shortly after deciding to remain with the band , he wrote a piece of music that later became `` Sunday Bloody Sunday '' .
Internet Explorer 5.0 , 5.5 , 6.0 , and 7.0 -LRB- Experimental -RRB- have also been unofficially ported to the Linux operating system from the project IEs4Linux .
New Mexico Department of Game and Fish Ranger Ray Bell took him to Santa Fe . His wife , Ruth , and their children , Don and Judy , took care of the cub .
Each of the three judges told one of the three finalists about his comments on the performances as well as those of the other judges .
Iodic acid is a relatively strong acid with a pKa of 0.75 . It is strongly oxidizing in acidic solution , less so in basic solution .
Curtis is the third studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released September 11 , 2007 , on Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records .
Emery has been awarded many honors , most from the minor league .
Numerous historic works of architecture no longer exist while many others have been rebuilt to their original configuration .
Many slide rules have S , T , and ST scales marked with degrees and minutes .
Vande Mataram -LRB- Bengali script : ; Devanagari : à à à à à à à 3\/4 à
However , in a fight to retain the detailed differences , it might be necessary to recreate the major old revisions by a series of repeated edits , filling the wiki-edit buffer with each successive major revision , and then saving each to allow comparisons of texts .
If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these copies of the Document , then if the Document is less than one half of the entire aggregate , the Document 's Cover Texts may be placed on covers that bracket the Document within the aggregate , or the electronic equivalent of covers if the Document is in electronic form .
Indian Standard Time -LRB- IST -RRB- is the time observed throughout India and Sri Lanka , with a time offset of UTC +05:30 .
DÃ rflein died of a heart attack on 22 September 2008 .
Along with Metallica , Anthrax and Megadeth , Slayer is known as one of the `` Big Four '' of thrash metal music .
It is considered to be a ` child ' of the mother Hollandaise sauce , one of the five sauces in the French haute cuisine mother sauce repertoire .
Part of State Route 238 until 1983 , and still considered the same route -LRB- part of Route 238 -RRB- by the California Department of Transportation -LRB- Caltrans -RRB- , it connects Interstate 580 in Castro Valley -LRB- where SR 238 continues south -RRB- with Interstate 880 in San Leandro .
In December 2007 the Associated Press reported on a story concerning the Church of Satan , in which a teenager had sent an e-mail to High Priest Gilmore stating he wanted to `` kill in the name of our unholy lord Satan '' .
Perhaps the first people who had a special force of military engineering specialists were the Romans .
The Jarrold Stand is sponsored by Jarrolds , a local department store .
Qasim Razvi was the leader of a local militia , the Razakars of Hyderabad State , who blocked accession into the Dominion of India after the Partition of British Indian empire against the wishes of the local majority Hindu-population , and fought against the Indian forces during occupation .
Sonya 's original name was Sonya Rizvi but was re-christened with the last name Jehan to honor her grandmother , Noor Jehan , who is a legendary singer and Lollywood actress .
The Mark 3 bodyshell was also the basis of Class 318 , Class 455 , and the diesel `` sprinters '' pioneered by the Class 150 .
In the ancient Egyptian language , the Nile is called á ` pÄ `` or iteru , meaning `` great river '' , represented by the hieroglyphs shown on the left -LRB- literally itrw , and ` waters ' determinative -RRB- In Coptic , the words piaro -LRB- Sahidic -RRB- or phiaro -LRB- Bohairic -RRB- meaning `` the river '' -LRB- lit .
On 1968 , Polanski married Tate in London .
The young develop through complete metamorphosis â '' that is , they have a worm-like larval stage and an inactive pupal stage before they mature -LRB- See holometabolism -RRB- .
On 23 May 1998 the Agreement was endorsed by the voters of Northern Ireland in a referendum .
A resident of Penang is known as a Penangite .
At the time of the 2000 U.S. census , its population was 4,185 .
Baseball writer Bill James , in the The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract , ranked Robinson as the 32nd greatest player of all time based on his performance on the field . James noted that Robinson was one of the top players in the league throughout his career .
Examples for this are Apollodorus and Hyginus : Each of them added a part to the story , that might have already been in Hesiod 's version , even though it was not written down : Epimetheus married Pandora .
In 1915 , he moved to the Guaranty Trust Company of New York where he remained until his return to Ireland the following year .
Boutsen was the next to go through but at the same time Berger had a problem with his tyre and was forced to stop and dropped back to 12th .
After the rebellion , the Company decided to relocate the settlement to the more easily defended mainland opposite Pulau Gaya .
The word `` pixel '' uses `` pix '' as a shorter word -LRB- an abbreviation -RRB- for `` picture '' .
According to the Iliad , Mycenaean warriors included boxing among their competitions honoring the fallen , though it is possible that the Homeric epics reflect later Greek culture .
There must be no lumps left in the liquid , and no ground tea should remain on the sides of the bowl .
Many pugs won dog shows , and soon the Pug Dog Club was founded in 1931 .
Greendale is a city in Dearborn County , Indiana , United States .
joint rule with his brother Francis II .
The Great Seal of the State of Minnesota is the insignia that the Secretary of State affixes to government papers and documents to make them official .
The Phanerozoic is divided into three eras : the Paleozoic , Mesozoic , and Cenozoic .
Outflow continued to improve , and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl gradually intensified to attain peak winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km\/h -RRB- early on July 20 while located about 120 miles -LRB- 190 km -RRB- east of Nags Head , North Carolina .
It warms to about 25 degrees Celsius in August .
The emergency telephone number is a special case in the country 's telephone number plan .
The national flag of Slovenia features three equal horizontal bands of white -LRB- top -RRB- , blue , and red , with the Slovenian coat of arms located in the upper hoist side of the flag centered in the white and blue bands .
Now Urbi et Orbi refers to a papal address and Apostolic Blessing that is addressed to the City of Rome and to the entire world from the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican .
Maine Road was a football stadium in Moss Side , Manchester , England .
In geography , a marsh is a type of wetland , featuring grasses , rushes , reeds , typhas , sedges , and other herbaceous plants -LRB- possibly with low-growing woody plants -RRB- in a context of shallow water .
The American Standard Code for Information Interchange -LRB- ASCII , -RRB- is a character-encoding scheme based on the ordering of the English alphabet .
Gibbons wrote two settings of the Evensong service : a long one with several verses , and the Short service .
King Ã thelbald of Wessex or Ethelbald -LRB- Old English Ã Ã 3\/4 elbald -RRB- -LRB- Means roughly ` Noble Bold ' -RRB- was the second of the five sons of King Ethelwulf of Wessex and Osburga and was born in about 831 or 834 .
The East stand is very modern , and has plenty of legroom .
An ellipsis is also often used in mathematics to mean `` and so forth '' . In a list , between commas , or following a comma , a normal ellipsis is used , as in :
Also known as WHSV News 3 , the station is owned by Gray Television and broadcasts from an antenna west of the town of Stanley on Massanutten Mountain .
In addition , you must do these things in the Modified Version :
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
Its official SEPTA address is 16th Street and JFK Boulevard .
Bayeux is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the Northwest of France .
The low continued into southeastern Kansas before dissipating , feeding moisture northward toward a frontal system extending from the Midwestern United States through the Mid-Atlantic States .
Super Typhoon Mike -LRB- international designation : 9025 , JTWC designation : 27W , PAGASA name : Ruping -RRB- was the strongest and deadliest typhoon of the 1990 Pacific typhoon season as it crossed the Philippines in November .
Neuvireuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was carried to William in The Hague by Rear Admiral Arthur Herbert -LRB- the later Lord Torrington -RRB- disguised as a common sailor , and identified by a secret code .
England was more than self-sufficient in cereals , dairy products , beef and mutton .
Hiroyuki Omata -LRB- born September 1 , 1983 in Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Cerezo Osaka .
This name remained popular until 1824 when the islands were renamed the Cook Islands by the Russian cartographer von Krusenstern , in honor of Capt. Cook who had died in 1779 .
While White Americans made up roughly 75.1 % of all persons in 2000 , 87.93 % of all households in the top 5 % were headed by a person who identified as being White alone .
For example , USD -LRB- United States dollar -RRB- has code 840 which is also the numeric code for the US -LRB- United States -RRB- .
Victoria Crawford -LRB- born June 30 , 1986 in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida -RRB- better known by her stage name Alicia Fox is a American professional pro wrestler currently wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment , wrestling on its SmackDown brand .
It is well known for the High Country tradition of alpine grazing , made famous in the movie The Man from Snowy River . This was made around Mansfield , based on the poem by Banjo Paterson .
Flemish Brabant was created in 1995 by the splitting of the former province of Brabant into three parts : two new provinces , Flemish Brabant and Walloon Brabant ; and the Brussels-Capital Region , which no longer belongs to any province .
These figures are rising as larger wind turbines are being produced and installed .
All are simplifications of the original .
Milton Keynes Dons F.C. are an English football club .
Many newer chipsets support the Advanced Host Controller Interface -LRB- AHCI -RRB- , which should allow a generic driver supplied by the operating system to control them and enable NCQ .
Conrad Thomas Lant -LRB- aka Cronos -RRB- -LRB- born 15 January 1963 , London -RRB- is a British musician who is the vocalist and bass player of the influential black\/thrash metal band Venom , from 1979 to 1987 and from 1995 to this day .
While technologically and culturally the city dwellers were more advanced , they could do little militarily to defend against the mounted hordes of the steppe .
The hurricane 's intense winds , waves , rains and storm surge were responsible for at least 45 deaths across ten countries and caused estimated damages of US$ 1.5 billion .
She later joined him in Florida , where he was serving as a batting coach at the New York Yankees ' training camp .
The mineral pyrite , or iron pyrite , is an iron sulfide with the formula FeS2 .
The zoo is a member of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums -LRB- AZA -RRB- .
Deltona is a city of Florida in the United States .
Because of this , he claimed the English , Scottish and Irish thrones -LRB- as James III of England and Ireland and James VIII of Scotland -RRB- from the death of his father in 1701 , when he was proclaimed king of England , Scotland and Ireland by his cousin Louis XIV of France .
Scholars of jurisprudence , or legal philosophers , hope to obtain a deeper understanding of the nature of law , of legal reasoning , legal systems and of legal institutions .
According to the Secret History , TemÃ 1\/4 jin was named after a Tatar chieftain whom his father had just captured .
Its local name in the Greenlandic language is Erfalasorput , which means `` our flag '' , but Aappalaartoq -LRB- meaning `` the red '' -RRB- is also used for both the Greenlandic flag and the Dannebrog .
Membership in the 500 home run club is sometimes described as a guarantee of eventual entry into the Baseball Hall of Fame , although some believe the milestone has become less meaningful in recent years .
Kazuyoshi Mikami -LRB- born 29 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
LongfossÃ is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They occupied an area which is now the independent cities of Norfolk , Portsmouth , Chesapeake and Virginia Beach .
In 1154 he was elected Pope Adrian IV , the only English Pope there has ever been .
Ø Ù Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù Ù
The peat in the world 's peatlands has been forming for 360 million years and contains 550 Gt of carbon .
There are different rules for different dairy products , depending on the fat content and what they will be used for .
He played with the world-famous Borodin Quartet from 1945 when it was founded , and was a member until he retired in 2007 .
It is named after the heroine of Alexander Pope 's The Rape of the Lock .
She is now hosting her television shows , America 's Next Top Model and The Tyra Banks Show . Tyra Banks is inspirational to many women around the world and has helped them achieve goals .
She removes the gag from his mouth .
In his spare time he read mostly novels by Mickey Spillane or publications such as Sports Afield and Outdoor Life and hunted and fished with friends and family .
The episode started with a message from Vince McMahon which originally aired on the June 26 edition of ECW .
After the Prague Spring , he became more and more active against the government .
CharchignÃ is a commune of 396 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It serves students from grades nine to twelve .
The committee members were Madison , John Taylor , William Branch Giles , George Keith Taylor , John Wise , John Mercer , and William Daniel .
There are three kinds of airships .
The fight results in the destruction of the GN-Flag , while the Exia is heavily damaged .
This practice was soon coupled with the name itself into an official number-name designation , '' â ` # Vesta '' , as the number of minor planets increased .
In cryptography , Blowfish is a keyed , symmetric block cipher , made in 1993 by Bruce Schneier and since 1993 has been included -LRB- put together -RRB- in a large number of encryption products .
Initiation may be thought of as an event which may help teens prepare themselves to be good husbands and wives .
In the first practice mix , `` Her Majesty '' followed `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' -LRB- on the released version of the album , `` Her Majesty '' begins with the excised final chord of `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' -RRB- .
After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II , Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season , leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in goals .
The organization also selects the Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year , the Bronko Nagurski Trophy winner , the Outland Trophy winner , the Grantland Rice Trophy winner , a freshman All-America team , and weekly defensive player of the week , as well as developing scholarship programs and surveys for better working conditions .
The county has the largest population of all other counties in Alabama , and was 662,047 as of the 2000 U.S. census .
Many digital signal processing applications have real-time constraints ; that is , for the system to work , the DSP operation must be completed within some time constraint .
In the following months after the storm , Congress appointed a two-party system committee to look into the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations before to its landfall .
The 1998 â `` 99 NHL season was the 82nd regular season of the National Hockey League .
In 1948 , Monroe signed a six-month contract with Columbia Pictures and was introduced to the studio 's head drama coach Natasha Lytess , who became her acting coach for several years .
The March 17 , 1997 episode featured a heated Bret Hart\/Vince McMahon ringside altercation -LRB- that unknowingly foreshadowed the Montreal Screwjob -RRB- with profanity normally not heard on television .
It became a hurricane on September 14 , while it was located off the coast of Mexico .
The strongest winds seen on a planet in our solar system are on Neptune and Saturn .
Foufflin-Ricametz is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In Southeast Asia , Singapore publisher Chuang Yi , currently translates PokÃ mon Adventures into English , and continues to translate new volumes to this day , so far up to volume 30 .
Luxembourg is a parliamentary democracy headed by a constitutional monarch .
Zombieland debuted at # 1 at the box office in North America , with ticket sales of $ 24,733,155 on the opening weekend and is the top-grossing zombie film in history .
He said that '' -LRB- They -RRB- have some planes , just stay quiet and you 'll be okay .
Cape Town is the second-most populous city in South Africa , and the largest in land area , forming part of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality . It is the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located .
Withdrawn by operator .
They are called rocking chairs .
Computer Space is a video arcade game released in November 1971 by Nutting Associates .
I know that you personally do not fear giving up your own life in order to take others - that is why you are so dangerous .
At age 16 his interest in climbing started during a school trip to Mount Ruapehu .
A stellar wind is gas being thrown away from a star . Different types of stars have different types of stellar winds .
Every civil parish has a parish meeting , consisting of all the electors of the parish .
The Plainisphare record label is based in Vich .
Bogno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Since then , he is considered to be a driving force in reviving and bringing back the West Coast hip hop scene , which had been overshadowed by artists from the East and South .
For instance , rescuing stalkers from danger , destroying stalker renegades , protecting or attacking stalker camps or searching for treasure .
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz -LRB- November 7 , 1903 in Vienna -- February 27 , 1989 in Altenberg , Vienna -RRB- was an Austrian zoologist , ethologist , and ornithologist .
Beowulf tears Grendel 's arm off from his body and sticks it on the wall as a trophy . Grendel runs to his home in the marshes , where he dies .
Emmanuel `` Manu '' Laurent Petit -LRB- born 22 September 1970 in Dieppe , Seine-Maritime -RRB- is a retired French footballer , who played his club football for Monaco , Arsenal , Barcelona , and Chelsea .
He moved to Burbank , California and , starting in 1957-1958 , worked as a musician in Alhambra , California at Dick White 's Rickey 's Lounge with the Paul Peters Trio . The trio was himself , Paul Peters , and Stan Seltzer .
Joyeuse lies in the historic region of Bas-Vivarais , in the valley of the Beaume , a tributary of the ArdÃ che River .
Sun was the first provisional president when the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- was founded in 1912 and later co-founded the Chinese National People 's Party or Kuomintang -LRB- KMT -RRB- where he served as its first leader .
The system formed into Tropical Depression Ten at 1200 UTC on August 13 .
Jehovah 's Witnesses criticize the use of all of the above , as well as the use of the cross .
Gellar was estranged from her father until his death from liver cancer on October 9 , 2001 .
Oakland Acres is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
The number of teams participating in the event increased from twelve to fourteen .
Workers generally from India and Pakistan are forced to pay recruiters in their own countries for the promise of work in the Emirates .
The norther half of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg became the state of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden under US-administration .
Bunyaviridae is a family of negative-stranded RNA viruses .
After some time , Yunus married Afrozi Yunus , who was a researcher in physics at Manchester University .
During World War I , Burnham was living in California and was active in counterespionage for Britain .
Incest between adults and those under the age of majority or age of consent is considered a form of child sexual abuse that has been shown to be one of the most extreme forms of childhood abuse , often resulting in serious and long-term psychological trauma , especially in the case of parental incest .
The Mercury brand was phased out in early 2011 .
Leaving the canyon , the river runs through northern Utah County and empties into Utah Lake on the north shore .
Zeus asks if he knows the power of the flames , Hercules acknowledges that he does .
Toro Rosso claim that this design was originally produced during 2004 by Jaguar Racing , Red Bull 's predecessor , and that the intellectual rights had belonged to the Ford Motor Company , Jaguar Racing 's parent company before passing to Toro Rosso .
For many weeks , the UN Security Council was deadlocked over the search for a successor before finally settling on Kurt Waldheim to succeed U Thant as secretary-general on December 21 , 1971 â '' Waldheim 's 53rd birthdayâ '' and just ten days before U Thant 's second term was to end .
It might be made by reacting potassium hydroxide or potassium carbonate with nitric acid .
Name that were not used are marked with .
1 kibibyte = 210 bytes = 1024 bytes .
Postclassic Maya states also continued to survive in the southern highlands .
On his father 's side , Aga Ali Shah traced his ancestry to the Prophet Muhammad , through his daughter Fatima and his son-in-law Ali b. Abi Talib .
Gordon Allan `` Phat '' Wilson -LRB- December 29 , 1895 -- August 1970 -RRB- was a Canadian amateur ice hockey forward who won the Allan Cup three times as a member of the Port Arthur Bearcats .
Basil suffers from several plant diseases that can ruin the crop and reduce yield .
It is typically rendered as `` the BRICs '' or `` the BRIC countries '' or alternatively as the `` Big Four '' .
It starred Matt LeBlanc as Joey Tribbiani , his character from Friends .
Two most important decision-making bodies is Central Committee of Fatah and the Fatah Revolutionary Council .
In places such as the James Range , the Finke flows through deeply incised meanders -LRB- see Google Maps image -RRB- .
Miar Glacier is a glacier that forms in the north of Miar Peak -LRB- 6,824 m -RRB- in Pakistan .
The hydrogen iodide -LRB- HI -RRB- is reacted with chlorine to precipitate the iodine .
The 2007 Formula One espionage controversy , also known as `` Spygate , '' or `` Stepneygate '' involves allegations that the McLaren Formula One team was passed confidential technical information from the Ferrari team , and that the Renault F1 team was passed confidential technical information from the McLaren team .
Reefs that rose too slowly could become drowned reefs , covered by so much water that there was insufficient light .
Pocket watches â '' Nuremberg eggs â '' were made here in the sixteenth century by Peter Henlein .
Anthony McGill is the principal clarinetist for the Metropolitan Opera . McGill is originally from Chicago , Illinois , growing up in the city 's Chatham neighborhood .
Felix Mendelssohn , Johann Nepomuk Hummel , John Field , and Friedrich Kalkbrenner each wrote one piano concerto in A-flat -LRB- Mendelssohn 's being for two pianos -RRB- ; they had the horns and trumpet tuned to E-flat .
In the twentieth century , Imperial Japan expanded into China and Southeast Asia during the Second World War .
Kirby travels throughout seven worlds , battling enemies , mini-bosses , and bosses through treacherous terrain in order to collect all seven fragments of the Star Rod .
Uranium is weakly radioactive . Uranium which has had all of its uranium-235 taken out of it is called depleted uranium .
a Kalapuyan word used to describe the deep pool where the Calapooia River meets the Willamette River .
Ganymede and Callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for possible naked-eye observation .
At one stage the narrator remarks : ' I have lyved in londe ... my name is longe wille ' -LRB- B. XV .152 -RRB- .
Cavendish retained the leader 's jersey by sprinting to victory on stage two but finished fifth on stage three , losing the overall lead to Thor Hushovd , and was forced to withdraw from the race before stage four due to a lung infection .
It is the innermost large asteroid : no asteroid closer to the Sun has a diameter above 25 kilometres or two-elevenths that of Flora itself , and not until the tiny 149 Medusa was discovered was a single asteroid orbiting at a closer mean distance known .
In an interview , John Wells stated that the series began one and a half years into Bartlet 's first term and that the election to replace Bartlet was being held at the correct time .
The Pakistan Green Party was founded on April 28 2002 and since has been active in local politics .
Taiko means simply `` drum '' in Japanese .
Rolling stock is also given an RA -LRB- again between 1 and 10 -RRB- and the RA of a train is the highest RA of any of the supporting elements .
Hurricane Opal was a Category 4 hurricane that formed in the Gulf of Mexico in September 1995 .
Trauma Center : Second Opinion , known in Japan as Trauma Center : Second Opinion , is a medical simulation video game made by Atlus for the Wii game console . It 's the second game in the Trauma Center series , and a remake of Trauma Center : Under the Knife for the Nintendo DS .
His first attempt to pass emancipation legislation failed in 1777 and failed again in 1785 , but he succeeded in 1799 , signing the law that eventually emancipated the slaves of New York ; the last were freed before his death .
Ivinghoe Aston is a hamlet within the parish of Ivinghoe .
2000 : O Brother , Where Art Thou ?
A foreign minister 's powers can vary from government to government .
Oensingen is a municipality in the district GÃ u in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Open clusters are more loose , and they have less than a few hundred stars , which are often very young .
First All-Star Team Markus Naslund â cents Joe Sakic â cents Martin St. Louis
Aphaenogaster kimberleyensis is a species of ant . It has been found and described by Shattuck , S. O. in 2008 .
In fact , Longfellow rarely wrote on current subjects and seemed detached from contemporary American concerns .
Eisenstein 's teaching , like his films , were politically charged and contained quotes from Vladimir Lenin .
Total Metal is the compilation album by heavy metal band Atomkraft .
ShÅ Å was a Japanese era name after KÅ an and before Einin .
He was born in Leipzig , Kingdom of Saxony .
Historically , the city has been known in German as Eperies -LRB- between 1938 and 1945 also Preschau -RRB- , Eperjes in Hungarian , Fragopolis in Latin , PreszÃ w in Polish , Peryeshis in Romany , Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð -LRB- Pryashev -RRB- in Russian and Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ñ -- Ð -LRB- Priashiv -RRB- in Rusyn and Ukrainian .
Michihisa Date -LRB- born 22 August 1966 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Humans and other animals have amylases , so they can digest starches .
They are more sure that the name meringue was first seen in 1692 , in a cookbook by FranÃ ois Massialot .
He moved to America the next year to teach in Eastman School of Music and was involved in directing opera and theater .
Arnold himself said it would have been better had it been in the chest instead of the leg .
The album is split in two stylistically , with tracks 1 through 7 featuring electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines and tracks 9 through 13 using traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ .
His first good comedy job was at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1995 , with his act `` Short , Fat Kebab Shop Owner 's Son '' . His next success was in 1996 with `` The Arab and the Jew '' .
In June , 2007 , they reportedly completed work on their third album , This Is Not the World , which was released in May , 2008 .
It is known for its clean thin air .
Wikipedia 's policy against harassment takes precedence over this guideline .
The right to cast a vote that counts .
After a two-year military service at a Panzergrenadier battalion in Ellwangen , he left the Bundeswehr as reserve officer .
It operates as a network comprising both a multinational , stateless army and a radical Sunni Muslim movement calling for global Jihad .
This was followed by the hugely successful Three Tenors concert , held on the eve of the World Cup final at the ancient Baths of Caracalla in Rome with fellow tenors PlÃ cido Domingo and JosÃ Carreras and conductor Zubin Mehta , which became the biggest selling classical record of all time .
Whittier is on the northeast shore of the Kenai Peninsula , at the head of Passage Canal , on the west side of Prince William Sound .
The 2020s decade , will begin on January 1 , 2020 and will end on December 31 , 2029 .
Ville Peltonen -LRB- born May 24 , 1973 in Vantaa , Finland -RRB- is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the HC Dynamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League -LRB- KHL -RRB- .
By far the largest group of living gymnosperms are the conifers -LRB- pines , cypresses , and relatives -RRB- , followed by cycads , Gnetales -LRB- Gnetophyta , Ephedra and Welwitschia -RRB- , and Ginkgo -LRB- a single living species -RRB- .
In March 2006 , Alberto Gonzales , the Attorney General of the United States , announced in conjunction with DEA and Department of Justice officials that the State Department had placed a $ 5 million dollar reward on Tirofijo 's head , or for information leading to his capture .
The Battle of Finnburg was a battle between the Frisians and the Danes . It was mentioned in two early medieval writings , the Finnesburg Fragment and Beowulf .
Kalat or Qalat was a princely state located in the center of the modern province of Balochistan , Pakistan . The state capital was the town of Kalat .
Brawn 's former drivers Jenson Button joined McLaren , and Rubens Barrichello joined Williams team for 2010 .
Revolver magazine editor Christopher Scapelliti found himself impressed by the record 's earnest honesty , stating that , `` For all Holy Wood 's well-tempered melodies and drunken pandemonium , what comes across loudest on the album is not the music but the sense of injury expressed in Manson 's lyrics .
The Detroit Pistons are a team of the National Basketball Association , and are located in Detroit , Michigan .
The eastern end has retained much original glass , which is rare in England .
An amor asteroid is a group of asteroids found near Earth that were named after 1221 Amor . While some other kinds of asteroids cross over Mars 's and Earth 's orbits , nearly all of the amor asteroids do not .
However , some sources claim that an unofficial football tournament was organised during the first competition , in which an Athens XI lost to a team representing Smyrna -LRB- Izmir -RRB- , then part of the Ottoman Empire .
Three cycles show the life of Jesus , the life of Mary , and the history of Saint Apollinaris , legendary Bishop of Ravenna .
But Latin has the advantage that the meaning of its words have less likelihood of changing radically from century to century .
A number of these quotes have been recorded .
The accordion was invented in 1822 in Germany by Friedrich Buschmann .
This song was talked about by Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacqu and was played on MTV2 .
Red -LRB- or pink -RRB- lentils contain a lower concentration of fiber than green lentils -LRB- 11 % rather than 31 % -RRB- . Health magazine has selected lentils as one of the five healthiest foods .
In this episode , Marge worries that she may yet again be pregnant and drives to `` Dr. Hibbert 's '' office .
Aberdeen was founded in 1816 on the north shore of the Ohio River , at the site where a ferry had sprung up at the terminus of Zane 's Trace .
The victory gave the British East India Company dominion over Bengal , which became the headquarters of British administration in the sub-continent .
In the early years of the war a tram went round Southampton for two hours twice a week . It had a military band playing on the top deck .
1 â kmÂ h-1 â â 0.2778 â mÂ sâ ' 1 -LRB- approximately -RRB-
In honor of Longfellow 's role with translations , Harvard established the Longfellow Institute in 1994 , dedicated to literature written in the United States in languages other than English .
2006 -LRB- MMVI -RRB- was a common year that started on a Sunday in the Gregorian calendar .
He is probably best known for his 1988 hit song , `` Do n't Worry , Be Happy '' .
Like the other Latin American tapirs -LRB- the Mountain Tapir and the South American Tapir -RRB- , Bairdâ s Tapir is commonly called danta by people in all areas .
Then in October 2007 the consortium outbid Barclays and acquired ABN AMRO .
At the Voyager 2 images Belinda appears as a stretched object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
The INSEE was created in 1946 as a successor to the National Statistics Service -LRB- SNS -RRB- created under Vichy during World War II .
The two Councils of Nicaea -LRB- 325 , 382 -RRB- condemned Arian teachings as heresy and produced the Nicene Creed .
Q fever is a disease caused by infection with Coxiella burnetii , a bacterium that affects humans and other animals .
It crossed the dateline late on September 3 and entered the Joint Typhoon Warning Center 's Area of Responsibility . -RRB-
Masanori Sanada -LRB- born March 6 , 1968 in Shizuoka , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese former football player .
If he thought of the name , he may have named it after William Everard , commissioner of crown lands .
Although all territories of Australia are considered to be fully integrated in its federative system , and the official status of an external territory does not differ largely from that of a mainland territory , debate remains as to whether the external territories are integral parts of Australia , due to their not being part of Australia in 1901 , when its constituent states federated .
When he retired in 1982 he held the record for most wins as head coach in college football history .
The Republic of Lakotah or Lakotah is a proposed country in North America to serve as a homeland for the Lakota .
Cory Allan Monteith was born in Calgary , Alberta and raised in Victoria , British Columbia .
He was born and raised in Incheon .
Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate , combining chocolate with sugar . Milk chocolate is sweet chocolate that additionally contains milk powder or condensed milk .
Do NOT substitute this template at this time , it transludes the entire # switch construction instead of just the link you want .
Bloom goes with Stella to the Alfea college for fairies in the enchanted realm of Magix . There , she meets three other fairies , Flora , Musa , and Tecna .
File : P \* -LRB- -LRB- Ima ?
The start and end times of night vary based on factors such as season , latitude , longitude and timezone .
Ceasefires may be declared as part of a formal treaty , but they have also been called as part of an informal understanding between opposing forces .
Another popular variant is summer biathlon , which combines cross-country running with riflery .
Lewicki would be named the MVP for the series as the Marlboros defeated Calgary 4 â `` 1 .
The HPC issues storm summaries on storm systems bringing significant rainfall and snowfall to portions of the United States .
A recipe for soap having water , alkali and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC .
`` Swing Life Away '' is a song by hardcore punk band Rise Against , from their 2004 album Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
Glendale is the home to the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
However , he goes on to say that because of the album being the band 's first famous-label release , `` maybe the fuller sound and sometimes forays into acoustic guitars and cello overdubs ... are OK . ''
Sachseln is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland .
The area immediately outside Fort is known as Pettah -LRB- Sinhala à à ' à à à à à '' à piá a koá uva , `` outer fort '' -RRB- and is a commercial hub .
While generally published in book form , they are also sometimes released electronically as e-books , occasionally called e-manga .
While resting , he began his work as a medieval scholar by translating Ã tienne Gilson 's work on Saint Bonaventura .
A company specializing in recovering lost data from computer drives then managed to recover all the data on the drive .
Prior to its inception as the capital city , the title had alternated between the cities of LeÃ n and Granada .
Sauchy-Lestr Ã e is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
An ovum -LRB- Latin : `` egg '' , plural : ova -RRB- is the name for the haploid female reproductive cell , or gamete .
Locke did not return home until after the Glorious Revolution .
The records set by Tip still stand . However , due to the end of routine Reconnaissance Aircraft in the western Pacific Ocean in August 1987 , modern researchers questioned if Tip is the strongest on record .
In the end , Terry sided with the younger men and Dan was voted off 3-1 .
This happened soon after Stuart 's return to Adelaide at the end of the expedition . Central Mount Stuart is the name that was printed in the published expedition journal .
I. A severe hurricane was sighted at Guadeloupe on September 7 and moved across the northeast Lesser Antilles and the southwest Atlantic to hit Georgia and South Carolina on September 14 , causing 100 deaths .
A very early season Cape Verde-type hurricane , the tropical depression that became Bertha formed in the central Atlantic on July 5 .
These include the carnival , held every summer , and the carols in the Market Place .
The party also played role in establishment of Democratic Republic of Armenia , as party members took part in the Battle of Sardarapat , during the World War I at Caucasus Campaign , which defended the Armenian capital of Yerevan from Army of Islam of Ottoman Empire .
Dinan is a commune .
Albany has both the Ellsworth Street Bridge which was constructed in 1926 and the Lyon Street Bridge bridge that was constructed in 1973 .
The list of publications -LRB- see a list of selected publications below -RRB- include more than 10 books -LRB- translations -RRB- of Greek literature , 10 books on the Armenian Question and five books related to the Jews in Turkey .
By 1992 , they were making a profit with Bridgestone Firestone Europe . By 1993 , they were making a profit with Bridgestone Firestone USA .
Further down Bionicle 's history , more songs were used to help advertise their sets , most of which were produced by Danish band Cryoshell , as well as songs by other artists , like `` Crashed '' by Daughtry and `` Move Along '' by The All-American Rejects .
The executor of the law of blood-revenge who personally put the initial aggressive killer to death was given a special designation : go ` el haddam , the blood-avenger or blood-redeemer -LRB- Book of Numbers 35 : 19 , etc. -RRB- .
It was the decisive battle in the First War of Scottish Independence .
Goryeo expanded its borders to present-day Wonsan in the north-east -LRB- 936 ~ 943 -RRB- and the Amnok River -LRB- 993 -RRB- and finally almost the whole of the Korean peninsula -LRB- 1374 -RRB- .
A blood feud is a feud with a cycle of retaliatory violence , with the relatives of someone who has been killed or otherwise wronged or dishonored seeking vengeance by killing or otherwise physically punishing the culprits or their relatives .
Black cardamom has a distinctly more smoky , though not bitter , aroma with a coolness some consider similar to mint .
Dustin Hoffman -LRB- born August 8 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor .
, as well as a children 's picture book , Lu and the Swamp Ghost , with co-author Patricia McKissack and illustrator David Catrow .
The glacier can be approached via the important Balti town of Skardu .
Along with the neighboring cities of Navi Mumbai and Thane , it forms the world 's 4th largest urban agglomeration .
Darling ' I came into the studios early every day for a week to sing it by myself because at first my voice was too clear .
This graph was different to the IPCC First assessment report which showed global temperature for the past 1000 years , and higher temperatures during the Medieval Warm Period .
Formation of new continental crust is linked to periods of intense orogeny or mountain building ; these periods coincide with the formation of the supercontinents such as Rodinia , Pangaea and Gondwana .
AutoEd is also compatible with wikEd .
A match with Lasker was arranged for October 1914 , but it never took place because of the outbreak of World War I.
Sallagriffon is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Indian national calendar -LRB- sometimes called Saka calendar -RRB- is the official civil calendar in use in India .
In winning the 21st stage , he lead home a remarkable 1-2 for his team , when his team mate and leadout man , Mark Renshaw , finished second on the Champs - Ã lysÃ es .
At that time it had a population of about 2,500 people . Phoenix held its first city election on May 3 1881 .
It gets its name from its operating principle , the tangent law of magnetism , which states that the tangent of the angle a compass needle makes is proportional to the ratio of the strengths of the two perpendicular magnetic fields .
Structural classification is determined by how the bones connect to each other , while functional classification is determined by the degree of movement between the articulating bones .
In larger amounts and different forms chromium can be toxic and carcinogenic . The most prominent example of toxic chromium is hexavalent chromium -LRB- Cr -LRB- VI -RRB- -RRB- .
It can be found along the Couderay River .
Many local Italians enrolled voluntarily in the Royal Italian Army -LRB- a notable example is the writer Scipio Slataper -RRB- .
Dardenac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
A popular site for tourists is the sign marking `` sea level '' on the cliff above Badwater .
Airan is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Meanwhile , Thunderbolt 's `` trusty '' sidekick , Lil ' Lightning , tells Thunderbolt the producers want to replace him with a younger dog .
Punk rock has distinguished itself from other non-mainstream genres by self-asserting an active anti-mainstream social movement that resists commercialism and corporate control .
The leagues of the NA became subordinate to the major leagues , creating the first minor leagues .
The accommodations of the contestants are handled by Chef Hatchet -LRB- ClÃ Bennett -RRB- in a similar manner to how it was handled in the previous season .
Format is inline , although the text can be entered on separate lines if the entire list is enclosed within .
Not all operations are associative .
Leonardo 's other important painting in Milan is even more famous . It is the Last Supper .
Writing microcode is often called microprogramming and the microcode in a particular processor implementation is sometimes called a microprogram .
Sir Bryan Hopkin -LRB- 7 December 1914 -- 10 October 2009 -RRB- was a Welsh economist . .
Richard Morgan Fliehr -LRB- born February 25 , 1949 , in Minneapolis , Minnesota -RRB- better known by his ring name , Ric Flair , is a semi-retired American professional wrestler that is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling .
The first words on Radio 1 â `` after a `` countdown '' by the Controller of Radios 1 and 2 , Robin Scott , and a jingle , recorded at PAMS in Dallas , Texas , beginning `` The voice of Radio 1 '' â `` were '' ... And , good morning everyone . Welcome to the exciting new sound of Radio 1 '' .
The Hyundai Getz is a car produced by Hyundai since 2002 .
Yvrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Most parameters are optional , so if a particular entry is not relevant for your case , just leave it out .
The diffuser is often used to turn diagonal flow to an axial rather than radial direction .
In 313 he married Flavia Julia Constantia , half-sister of Constantine , at Mediolanum -LRB- now Milan -RRB- .
On November 21 , 2009 Kessler lost his championship to Andre Ward in the Super Six World Boxing Classic tournament .
After winning against the Continental Army -LRB- ruled by George Washington -RRB- , the British army -LRB- ruled by William Howe -RRB- wanted to capture Fort Washington , the last American stronghold in Manhattan .
Each prong has a crimson `` stigma '' of between 25 and 30 mm in length at the end of it .
Novelistic treatments of the American Revolutionary war sometimes feature Arnold as a character .
He graduated from New Westminster Secondary School in 1985 .
The name changed to British Empire and Commonwealth Games in 1954 , to British Commonwealth Games in 1970 and assumed the current name of the Commonwealth Games in 1978 .
The Amur River -LRB- , ; ; Manchu : , Sahaliyan Ula -RRB- is the world 's tenth longest river , forming the border between the Russian Far East and Northeastern China .
By having two brands in place , the WWF was able to increase the number of live events held each year from 200 to 350 , including tours in several new international markets .
This is because of the bromide ion , not the potassium ion . It is used to make silver bromide .
After the queen converted to Catholicism , abdicated the throne of Sweden and spent much of the rest of his life exiled in Rome from 1655 until her death in 1689 .
The band are part of the Cardiff music scene , and was at its most prominent during the 1990s .
Mello pursued biochemistry and molecular biology as his major at Brown .
Throughout the 1990s , Pavarotti appeared in many well-attended outdoor concerts , including his televised concert in London 's Hyde Park , which drew a record attendance of 150,000 .
The album was released in August 2002 and spawned several popular singles , including `` In My Place '' , `` Clocks '' , and the ballad `` The Scientist '' .
Chelsea Grin is an American deathcore band from Salt Lake City , Utah , formed in 2007 .
Frustrated and bitter , Arnold decided to change sides in 1779 , and opened secret negotiations with the British .
Accordingly , recent Popes have reaffirmed the importance of Latin for the Church and in particular for those undertaking ecclesiastical studies .
The Royal Rumble is a pay-per-view consisting of the Royal Rumble match , championship matches , and various other matches .
SÃ # o Paulo is the most ethnically diverse city in Brazil . At the end of the traffic of enslaved Africans in the country -LRB- 1850 -RRB- , SÃ # o Paulo started to replace the African manpower with immigrants in the coffee plantations .
Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Sainte-Gemme-la-Plaine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Apollo 17 was the 11th manned space mission in the NASA Apollo program .
In order to support his family he took a job as a writer for the Prussian intelligence agency Centralstelle fÃ 1\/4 r PreÃ angelegenheiten which was meant to influence the press towards a German national cause .
To use this template , simply copy and paste the following text into the article and fill in any of the parameters .
In March 2010 , Kim competed at the 2010 World Figure Skating Championships in Turin , Italy .
His father died that same year .
Peuton is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Jessica Marie Lunsford -LRB- October 6 , 1995 -- February 27 , 2005 -RRB- was a nine-year-old girl who was abducted from her home in Homosassa , Florida on February 23 , 2005 , then raped and murdered by 47-year-old John Couey .
His creation dates from the Tudors .
The devil -LRB- usually called Mephistopheles , as he is in Goetheâ s play -RRB- tells Faust he can help him to do this , but that in the end Faust will have to give him his soul and go with him to hell .
Land management was crucial in ancient Egypt because taxes were assessed based on the amount of land a person owned .
Created in 1977 by Atari founder Nolan Bushnell , it started out as Chuck E. Cheese 's Pizza Time Theatre . In 1999 , CEC Entertainment , Inc. the owners of Chuck E. Cheese , bought out their primary competitor , Discovery Zone .
The natural resources of the Niukluk and the Fish Rivers supplied water and fish for the people who setteled there .
In Finland wood tar was once considered a panacea reputed to heal `` even those cut in twain through their midriff '' .
Red Bull also own another F1 team : Scuderia Toro Rosso .
See you , sirs , where the point shall be , outside in the blue sky high over Bloemfontein , in the year 1924 . ''
The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords Adventures , released as The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords + in Japan , is a video game in Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda series .
It reads thus , identically on both sides : IMP Â CAES Â FL Â CONSTANTINO Â MAXIMO Â P Â F Â AVGUSTO Â S Â P Â Q Â R Â QVOD Â INSTINCTV Â DIVINITATIS Â MENTIS Â MAGNITVDINE Â CVM Â EXERCITV Â SVO Â TAM Â DE Â TYRANNO Â QVAM Â DE Â OMNI Â EIVS Â FACTIONE Â VNO Â TEMPORE Â IVSTIS Â REM-PVBLICAM Â VLTVS Â EST Â ARMIS Â ARCVM Â TRIVMPHIS Â INSIGNEM Â DICAVIT
The municipal area has a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco . Its area is 493 kmÂ .
In April 1793 , her nephew , the young duc de Chartres -LRB- future Louis-Philippe King of the French -RRB- , fled France and sought asylum with the Austrians .
The population was 27,000 people in 1841 . This was because the docks were becoming much more used .
Kurt Vonnegut , Jr. , was born in Indianapolis , Indiana , to third-generation German-American parents , Kurt Vonnegut , Sr. , and Edith Lieber .
The syntax of Java is largely derived from C + + .
Kricogonia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae .
This will keep the organs of the dead body , including the heart , functioning and alive for a few days .
The University of WÃ 1\/4 rzburg was founded in 1402 and re-founded in 1582 .
The organization sets the policies that govern development , operate important things that keep Mozilla working and control trademarks and other intellectual property . It owns two taxable for-profit subsidiaries : the Mozilla Corporation , which employs several Mozilla developers and sets releases of the Mozilla Firefox web browser , and Mozilla Messaging , Inc. , which creates the Mozilla Thunderbird email client .
However , Austro-Bavarian and Standard German have influenced each other and the vast majority of Austro-Bavarian speakers speak Standard German as well .
Edward Earl `` Eddie '' Hazel -LRB- April 10 , 1950 â `` December 23 , 1992 -RRB- was a guitarist most famous for working with Parliament-Funkadelic .
She was buried at the Basilica of St Denis , and her heart was deposed at the church of Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours in Nancy -LRB- Lorraine -RRB- .
Salland is bound to the west by the provincial border with Gelderland , which is partly formed by river IJssel ; to the north by the Meppelerdiep stream and the provincial border with Drenthe , which partly consists of the Reest stream ; to the east by the borders with the German state of Lower Saxony and the eastern Overijssel region of Twente ; and to the south by the border with the Gelderland region of Achterhoek , part of which is formed by the Schipbeek stream .
Any relevant parameters should then be passed to the hook template -- it may be necessary to repeat parameters that are already passed to the main template -LRB- and are commonly used -RRB- .
It covered all the 15,282 singles from 5,882 artists thus far .
Loralai is a district in the center of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
She discovered that chimps will systematically hunt and eat smaller primates such as colobus monkeys .
Maillezais is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Civil and criminal appeals are dealt with by the Staff of Government Division .
It is the largest natural lake in the canton .
His parents are Mary -LRB- nÃ e Andrew -RRB- and Thomas G. Ayers , who was later Chairman and CEO of Commonwealth Edison -LRB- 1973 to 1980 -RRB- , and for whom the Thomas G. Ayers College of Commerce and Industry was named .
QuakenbrÃ 1\/4 ck is a small town in Lower Saxony .
Version 2.1 for the Mac came out in August 1996 , although by this time , Windows was getting 3.0 .
In 2001 Burton was elected into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
The population was 227 at the 2000 census .
One of them , the lesbian Countess Geschwitz , visits her to invite her to a ball , but leaves when Dr. SchÃ n disapproves .
In April 1919 , the ministry was increased in size to not more than nine ministers .
This is a category of television stations .
Mercury is made of about 70 % metallic and 30 % silicate material .
It is located in the west of the country , in the Ezulwini valley , 16 km from Mbabane , in the district of Hhohho .
He was admitted to the bar on February 25 , 1867 .
Since 2000 , he is the Director of the International Secretariat of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation Bureau in Yerevan .
The monastery is on a hill within a gorge , near where the Dzoraget and Gargar rivers join .
For example , Hugo 's novel against capital punishment , The Last Day of a Condemned Man , has recently been adapted into an opera by David Alagna -LRB- libretto by FrÃ dÃ rico Alagna -RRB- .
Oat straw is prized by cattle and horse producers as bedding , due to its soft , relatively dust-free , and absorbent nature .
The buildup to the matches and the situations that took place before , during , and after the event were planned by WWE 's script writers .
Chemical warfare is different from the use of conventional weapons or nuclear weapons because the destructive effects of chemical weapons are not primarily due to any explosive force .
One billion to two billion years in the future , the increase in solar radiation caused by the helium build-up at the core of the Sun will result in the loss of the oceans and the cessation of continental drift .
Flora names the seas of the world , finishing with the Dead Sea .
Montale , who grew up in Liguria along the Mediterranean Sea , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1975 , for his long and prolific career .
Asclepias cordifolia is a species of milkweed commonly called Heart-leaf milkweed or Purple milkweed -LRB- a common name shared with another milkweed , Asclepias purpurascens -RRB- .
Takeshi Terada -LRB- born 21 March 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Islamic Caliphate and other Islamic states took over the Middle East , Caucasus and Central Asia during the Muslim conquests of the 7th century , and later expanded into the Indian subcontinent and Malay archipelago .
Any object that symbolically resembles a penis may also be referred to as a phallus ; however , such objects are more often referred to as being phallic -LRB- as in `` phallic symbol '' -RRB- .
The women ride into the village and order the men to remove their clothes , telling them they are here for only one thing .
He is best known for making the first working steam locomotive .
In the opening and middlegame , the king will mostly not play an active role in the development of an attacking or defensive position .
Brunswick is a town in Rensselaer County , New York , United States that was first settled in the early 1700s .
Although this can conflict with efforts to reuse food waste -LRB- such as in animal feed -RRB- , safety regulations are in place to ensure the health of the consumer ; they are vitally important , especially in the processing of foodstuffs of animal origin -LRB- e.g. meat and dairy products -RRB- , as contaminated products from these sources can lead to and are associated with microbiological and chemical hazards .
The Federal Information Processing Standard -LRB- FIPS -RRB- code , which is used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties , is provided with each entry .
The lagoon is 13 kmÂ in size , shallow and subject to large shifting sand banks .
Chigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It is an adaptation of Stephen Sondheim and Hugh Wheeler 's Tony Awardâ `` winning 1979 musical thriller .
Somerset -LRB- or -RRB- is a county in South West England .
Afterwards he became conductor of several orchestras , including a period as music director of the orchestra in Karlsruhe from 1926 to 1933 .
Whether groups such as the Elkasaites , the Mughtasila , the Nasoraeans , and the Dositheans can be identified with the Mandaeans or one another is a difficult question .
Nephrectomy is the surgical removal of a kidney . It is commonly performed in patients with Renal cell carcinoma or other forms of Kidney cancer .
The Nokia 1011 did not yet employ Nokia 's characteristic ringtone , the Nokia tune .
The Antilopine Wallaroo , Macropus antilopinus , also called the Antilopine Kangaroo , is different to other wallaroos .
Edward Earl Reed Jr. -LRB- born September 11 , 1978 -RRB- is an American football free safety for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Introduced in 1956 , the 182 has been produced in a number of variants , including a version with retractable landing gear , and is the second most popular Cessna model , after the 172 .
In it one sees four doves perched on the edge of a basin filled with water .
A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings .
He has written many poetry books , short stories , and novels .
Van Ness , a friend of Aaron Burr , was an active participant in the 1800 presidential campaign as a vocal supporter of the Democratic-Republican candidates , Thomas Jefferson and Aaron Burr .
There is a slightly alternate version of the song , which is played during the end credits of Spy Hard where the lyrics are changed from `` The name of this movie is Spy Hard \/ They call it Spy Hard \/ You 're watching Spy Hard \/ It 's the theme from Spy Hard ! ''
Grainville-Langannerie is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Some other parameter combinations .
Calcium bromate , Ca -LRB- BrO3 -RRB- 2 , is a salt of bromic acid and lime .
The Kavirondo cultivate sesamum and make an oil from its seeds which they burn in little clay lamps of the ancient saucer type , the pattern being , in Hobley 's opinion , introduced into the country by the coast people .
The Canal was over 30 miles long . They finished building it in 1904 .
Except in the case of text and SWF files , the cached version is a conversion to -LRB- X -RRB- HTML , allowing those without the corresponding viewer application to read the file .
Caswell County is a member of the regional Piedmont Triad Council of Governments .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- The genesis of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas : A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream is in that notebook .
On 29 January 1796 , a reward of five gallons of rum was offered by Governor John Hunter for his capture .
He drew on the work of earlier interviewers as well and intended to let Holiday tell her story in her own way .
A fixed-wing aircraft generates forward thrust when a spinning propeller moves air , or gases are ejected from a jet engine -LRB- or rocket engine -RRB- , opposite the direction of flight .
There are three municipalities and ten municipal districts in the province .
Grisolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
French Sudan was a colony in French West Africa that had two separate periods of existence , first from 1890 to 1899 , then from 1920 to 1960 , when the territory became the independent nation of Mali .
The success in syndication of the original live action series and fan pressure for a Star Trek revival led to The Animated Series from 1973 â `` 1974 , as the source of new adventures of the Enterprise crew , the next being the 1979 live-action feature film Star Trek : The Motion Picture .
For organizational purposes , the Pacific Ocean is divided into three parts : the eastern -LRB- North America to 140 W -RRB- , central -LRB- 140 W to the International Date Line -RRB- , and western -LRB- west of the Date Line -RRB- .
Changes to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure , effective December 1 , 2006 , created a new category for electronic records which may be requested during discovery in legal proceedings .
The Dutch East Indies , or Netherlands East Indies , was the Dutch colony that became modern Indonesia following World War II .
Pinellas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida . Pinellas County was created in 1911 .
It is restricted to a small area of north-eastern Venezuela and is classed as an endangered species by BirdLife International .
The only safe grip on a honey badger is on the back of the neck .
Current projections show a steady decline in the population growth rate , with the population expected to reach between 8 and 10.5 billion between the year 2040 and 2050 .
The revised versions are standardized on new samples and scored with respect to those samples only .
In 2002 , King returned to soaps as Luis Alcazar on General Hospital for a few months until his character was killed on the show .
Henry III -LRB- 19 September 1551 â `` 2 August 1589 , born Alexandre Ã douard de France , , -RRB- was King of France from 1574 to 1589 .
They also said `` it 's a magnificent piece of work that everybody should play . ''
In the Odyssey of Homer , legend says that , after the Trojan War , a Greek official named Menestheus escaped with his troops through the Straits of Gibraltar . They got to the Guadalete River and created a port .
Halley 's Comet -LRB- Comet Halley -RRB- is a comet which comes round every 75 or 76 years .
The sentences were handed down on April 13 , 1949 .
The outlaws gave an exhibition of horsemanship which entertained and surprised their hostages .
He was a supporter of the great Spanish queen , Isabel I of Castile , and actively participated on her side in the civil war that broke out against her half-brother , Enrique IV , when the latter attempted to make his daughter , Juana , crown princess .
Sebastian also takes Charles to his family 's palatial home , Brideshead , where Charles later meets the rest of Sebastian 's family , including his sister Julia .
The Cayman Islands Civil Service College , a unit of Cayman Islands government organised under the Portfolio of the Civil Service , is also located in Grand Cayman .
Her mother , Irina , is Russian , and her father Swedish .
The tenor clef is another C clef . Middle C is on the fourth line up .
It is possible that the Riverina has mineral deposits including coal , petroleum , coal seam methane , gypsum , gold , Cobar style polymetallic systems , heavy mineral sands and possibly diamonds in these fold belt rocks and basins .
Both of these calculations can be computed efficiently using the square-and-multiply algorithm for modular exponentiation .
The casting of a white actor in the role of Aang -LRB- as well as a primarily Caucasian cast -RRB- in the Asian-influenced Avatar universe triggered negative reactions from some fans marked by accusations of racism , a letter-writing campaign , and a protest outside of a Philadelphia casting call for movie extras .
One calculated all prime numbers between 100,000 and 200,000 and the other tested file read\/write time .
The IPC 's international headquarters are in Bonn , Germany .
Apparently , because the victim was from a prominent family the weregild was set too high , and so EcgÃ 3\/4 eow was banished and had to seek refuge among the Danes .
WAR dependencies are also known as anti-dependencies .
Beginning in January 2005 , Chapman joined the cast of The Young and the Restless replacing Joan Van Ark in the contract role of Gloria Fisher .
The Cult also attempted to create a Human\/Dalek hybrid -LRB- fully human in appearance but with Dalek minds -RRB- .
The population was 163 at the 2000 census .
Geneseo is a city in Henry County , Illinois , United States .
In 1896 , he returned to Catalonia and received an appointment to the faculty of the Escola Municipal de MÃ sica in Barcelona . He was also appointed principal cellist in the orchestra of Barcelona 's opera house , the Liceu .
It was published in 1939 .
Culpeper is an incorporated town in Culpeper County , Virginia , United States .
The Metroid Prime series takes place in between Metroid and Metroid II : Return of Samus .
The British Rail Class 86 was the standard electric locomotive built during the 1960s , developed as a result of testing with the earlier Classes 81 , 82 , 83 , 84 and 85 .
Ashe County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Using these regulations , stadiums are rated as category one , two , three , or four -LRB- renamed from elite -RRB- in ascending ranking order .
In 1985 , the pear represented 80 % of U.S. pear production , and in 2004 , it represented 50 % of reported pear production , displaced primarily by the continuing growth of d'Anjou and Bosc pears , both winter pears more tolerant of cold than the Bartlett .
This report included useful information from Franklin about features of DNA she had deduced from her X-ray diffraction data .
A pacemaker -LRB- or artificial pacemaker , so as not to be confused with the heart 's natural pacemaker -RRB- is a medical device which uses electrical impulses , delivered by electrodes contacting the heart muscles , to regulate the beating of the heart .
In his account Morrell writes that he was `` destitute of the various nautical and mathematical instruments '' , but other parts of his narrative make it clear that the occasional dead reckoning calculation was the exception to the norm .
Ã -- gedei Khan -LRB- , Ã -- gedei ; also Ogotai or Oktay ; Ogodei -RRB- -LRB- c. 1186 â `` December 11 , 1241 -RRB- was the third son of Genghis Khan and second Great Khan -LRB- Khagan -RRB- of the Mongol Empire by succeeding his father .
Jeffersonville is a city in Clark County , Indiana , along the Ohio River .
The constitution of the canton dates from 1892 .
An attempt to patch up the problem with railway sleepers and soil failed to impress the Football Association , who wrote to the club on 15 May 1935 , `` saying The Nest was no longer suitable for large crowds and measures must be taken '' .
The World Cup stadium in Gwangju , where South Korea qualified for the semi-finals , was renamed Guus Hiddink Stadium in his honor shortly after the tournament .
The use of the same bytecode for all platforms allows Java to be described as `` compile once , run anywhere '' , as opposed to `` write once , compile anywhere '' , which describes cross-platform compiled languages .
Some are good at climbing , with long balancing tails and other way to help them to climb , while others can swim , with webbed feet and small external ears .
Today , Arabian horses are found all over the world .
He was awarded a medical doctorate in 1972 .
It took him over 20 years to develop a sufficiently rigorous mathematical proof which was published in his Ars Conjectandi -LRB- The Art of Conjecturing -RRB- in 1713 .
All were given two-word names , with the first word being Western , and thus the type became known as Westerns .
Brandon Bruce Lee -LRB- February 1 , 1965 -- March 31 , 1993 -RRB- was an American actor of Han Chinese , German , English and Swedish descent .
The tent city can hold as many as 250 occupants .
Losses in the nutritional value , caloric value and edibility of crops , by extremes of temperature , humidity or the action of microorganisms , also account for food waste ; these `` qualitative losses '' are more difficult to assess than quantitative ones .
He is best known for his books The Tipping Point -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Blink -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Outliers -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and What the Dog Saw : And Other Adventures -LRB- 2009 -RRB- .
During the heyday of the browser wars , Internet Explorer superseded Netscape only when it caught up technologically to support the progressive features of the time .
Originally the New York Street backlot set that was part of the park 's original Backlot Studio Tour , the section was later opened to pedestrian traffic .
Remember to use the correct namespace â `` the part before the colon -LRB- : -RRB- â `` when archiving your own user talk page .
The name amaranth comes from the Greek a -LRB- not -RRB- + marainean -LRB- to waste away -RRB- , i.e. , a flower believed to grow on Mount Olympus which never died .
Note the order of precedence from the right margin : first , come infoboxes or images using `` right '' , then come the floating-tables , and lastly , any text will wrap that can still fit .
Dushku came to the attention of casting agents when she was 10 .
It began at the University of Minnesota in the early 1900s when some students decided to honor their graduating class with a new song .
Wolfgang Fahrian -LRB- born 31 May 1941 -RRB- is a former German football player .
He was replaced by Ken Callahan in 1988 who stayed with the band until 1993 .
The Everett Symphony -LRB- est . 1935 -RRB- performs at the Everett Civic Auditorium . The city is also home to the Everett Chorale , which holds their concerts at the Everett Performing Arts Center .
The current St. Lucie County was created in 1905 from the southern part of Brevard County .
After a detailed study , three researchers determined two typhoons , Angela in 1995 and Gay in 1992 , maintained higher Dvorak numbers than Tip , and believed that one or both of the two may have been more intense than Tip .
Hubert H. Humphrey was instrumental in this merger .
He was given the middle name `` Winston '' after Winston Churchill , who was an important politician at the time Denis was born .
Built in 1899 , it is the home of Tottenham Hotspur and , after numerous renovations , the stadium has a capacity of 36,310 .
Near the site are a group of villages called Bagrawiyah .
Since medieval times Jersey , Channel Islands , where the material was first produced , had been an important exporter of knitted goods and the fabric in wool from Jersey became well known . The fabric can be a very stretchy single knitted , usually light-weight , jersey with one flat side and one piled side .
Vandeins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Å Ä 3\/4 Ä Ä Ä á tÅ # Å á Ï Ñ Å jÄ Ñ Å -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- -RRB- + -LRB- W. \* -RRB- ?
Montreuil-aux-Lions is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Bourbriac -LRB- , Gallo : BÃ lbriac -RRB- is a commune located in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Several of the Carlist pretenders to the Spanish throne were also known as Don Carlos .
Tyson is last seen on Mount Olympus where he is awarded a new `` stick '' ; he is also given the role of general of Olympus ' army .
It borders SÃ dermanland , VÃ stmanland and GÃ strikland .
A mild deficiency will slow down the metabolism , causing decreased tolerance to cold .
Colima is the capital city of the Mexican state Colima .
In the county the population was spread out with 25.00 % under the age of 18 , 7.20 % from 18 to 24 , 28.80 % from 25 to 44 , 26.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.60 % who were 65 years of age or older .
It is found in India and Pakistan .
This ushered in the final phase of the war , generally referred to either as the Decelean War , or the Ionian War .
The islands are a popular destination for Western tourists looking for a remote island experience .
The first mention of a possible Order of Merit was made following the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 , in correspondence between First Lord of the Admiralty The Lord Barham and William Pitt , though nothing eventuated from the idea .
Cavendish crossed the line first and took the leader 's jersey .
The republican period of Ancient Rome began with the overthrow of the Monarchy c. 509 BC and lasted over 450 years until its subversion , through a series of civil wars , into the Principate form of government and the Imperial period .
He descended slowly , until the balloons ' dangling cables got caught in a power line , causing a blackout in a Long Beach neighborhood for 20 minutes .
These comprise some of the puzzles that have confronted epistemologists and philosophers of mind from at least the time of RenÃ Descartes .
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a mosque in Istanbul , Turkey .
It is endemic to Angola .
It was the scene of fighting between Turkish and British troops during the Gallipoli Campaign , 1915 .
The school is one of four all-boys Catholic high schools in the Archdiocese of Cincinnati , but it is run by the Society of Jesus -LRB- Jesuits -RRB- .
After being informed by Tina Watson 's family that flowers and gifts were repeatedly being vandalized or disappearing from the grave site , even when chained down , Sergeant Flinn investigated .
Some races , such as the Monaco Grand Prix are held on temporary street circuits .
It is the county seat of Alachua County
Hot springs , with temperatures between 90 t , were active in a number of episodes ; the water had probably cooled to under 30 C before it reached the fossilised organisms .
Le Mesnil-Mauger is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Sion is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
From 2002 to 2003 , he also was secretary general of the CDU in Lower Saxony .
Lake Turkana -LRB- or \/ tÉ rË kÃ nÉ \/ -RRB- , formerly known as Lake Rudolf , is a lake in the Great Rift Valley in Kenya , with its far northern end crossing into Ethiopia .
Louis David Riel -LRB- ; 22 October 1844 -- 16 November 1885 -RRB- was a Canadian politician , a founder of the province of Manitoba , and leader of the MÃ tis people of the Canadian prairies .
It was written by John Lennon , although credited to Lennon\/McCartney .
A regular hexagon has all sides of the same length , and all internal angles are 120 Â . A regular hexagon has 6 rotational symmetries -LRB- rotational symmetry of order six -RRB- and 6 reflection symmetries -LRB- six lines of symmetry -RRB- , making up the dihedral group D6 .
It came with Microsoft Plus !
This tag provides a good faith means for editors to allow given text of fellow editors to remain temporarily in a given article until such time as the text 's previously researched origins are supported .
Then I had my idea of a white line painted down the center of the highways of the country as a safety measure .
The Jarrold Stand was partially opened for the game against Sheffield United on 31 January 2004 , and fully opened for the next home match against West Ham United on 21 February 2004 .
He was drafted by the Quebec Nordiques as their ninth-round pick in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft .
He had been consul once more than Lucius , he had shared in Pius ' administration , and he alone was Pontifex Maximus .
Both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed during World War II , with the bombings of a single night from 3 February 1945 .
Organized by the embassies of the CPLP countries accredited in Angola , the cycle includes the display of five films of Portugal , Brazil , Cabo Verde , Mozambique and Angola second source of Embassy of Mozambique in Luanda , contacted by AIM in Lisbon .
Vaux-en-Bugey is a commune .
The sixth convocation is the latest convocation of the parliament .
This tradition influenced the creation of Englandâ s parliament in the 13th century .
In 1831 , Reuter began to attend lectures on jurisprudence at the University of Rostock , and in the following year went to the University of Jena .
His final work topic was `` Representation of American Sign Language for Machine Translation . ''
The blue canton and a star represents the state itself and the green and yellow bars represent PiauÃ 's union with Brazil .
His father , Peter Coe -LRB- born Percy N. Coe in Kingston-upon-Thames -RRB- , died on 9 August 2008 , aged 88 , while Coe was in Beijing .
Other buoys indicated that a rather large area of low pressure was associated with the system .
Feynman diagrams are often confused with spacetime diagrams and bubble chamber images because they all describe particle scattering .
Nobuhiro Ishizaki -LRB- born 14 March 1958 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The first Winter Paralympic Games was held in 1976 in Ã -- rnskÃ ldsvik , Sweden .
The Astra was Vauxhall 's first model to have front wheel drive .
Winnipeg is also close to Lake Winnipeg .
The Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- gave the designation 2-NOL to the electric multiple units built during the 1930s from old London and South Western Railway carriage bodies on new underframes .
Barbara Castle , the Minister of Transport gave approval on August 4 1967 to build the Brixton extension .
The 1996 model year marked another significant redesign of the then-aging 4Runner . Whereas the transition to the second generation 4Runner was one that kept the build quality and options roughly on par with the rest of the mid-size SUV market , the changes made in the third generation turned the 4Runner into a more luxury-oriented vehicle .
Pixar Place is also the home of Luxo Jr. , a six-foot-tall audio-animatronics version of Pixar 's desk-lamp mascot .
Other universities present in Santiago are : Universidad OrganizaciÃ n & MÃ todo -LRB- O&M -RRB- , Universidad Abierta para Adultos -LRB- UAPA -RRB- , Universidad Nacional EvangÃ lica and one regional campus of the state university Universidad AutÃ noma de Santo Domingo -LRB- UASD -RRB- .
Evan Rachel Wood -LRB- born September 7 , 1987 -RRB- is an American actress and singer .
Officer railway station is an ummanned railway station in Officer , Victoria .
In the fall semester of 1973 , Carver was a teacher in the Iowa Writers ' Workshop with John Cheever , but Carver said that they did less teaching than drinking and almost no writing .
Prior to the ban , asbestos was widely used in the construction industry . Many older buildings built before the late 1990s contain asbestos .
To convert between the 12-hour clock and the 24-hour clock , use the table to the right .
Lambesc is a commune of 7,934 people -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
Although the rebellion had a huge impact on the state of the colonial power in India , Tamil Nadu was mostly unaffected by it .
After escaping from the hunters for some time , the fox appeared to Miura-no-suke in a dream .
When he was 14 , he started working as a clerk in the British East India Company .
During this period he probably wrote his mass based on L'homme armÃ , as well as the chanson on the same song ; the latter composition may have been inspired by Philip the Good 's call for a new crusade against the Turks , who had recently captured Constantinople .
A turbocharger is a form of supercharger . It increases the density of air entering the engine to create more power .
Simba allows the Outlanders , including Kovu , to return to the Pride Lands , and Kovu is allowed to stand with Kiara at the top of Pride Rock .
Oedipus eventually learns of the Delphic Oracle 's prophecy of him , that he would kill his father and marry his mother ; Oedipus attempts to flee his fate without harming his parents -LRB- at this point , he does not know that he is adopted -RRB- .
The tournament ended at Judgment Day 2006 with Booker T as the winner , defeating Bobby Lashley in the final .
Harold Godwinson was subsequently defeated within a month by William , Duke of Normandy , who was another descendant of Vikings . Normandy had been acquired by Normans -LRB- Norsemen -RRB- in 911 .
She met him for the first time in Ludwigshafen , Germany , when she was 15 years old .
She was taken by the Burgundians , sold to the English people , tried by an ecclesiastical court , and burned at the stake when she was 19 years old .
Jabiru , Cooinda and South Alligator all have commercial camping areas and are in close proximity to most of the important natural attractions in these areas .
A mud volcano or mud dome is a kind of volcano that is made by liquids and gases from the earth . There are many different ways that mud volcanoes can be made .
Tommy Lee -LRB- born October 3 , 1962 -RRB- is an American musician and drummer for the band MÃ tley CrÃ 1\/4 e.
Aristotle wrote that some people thought that Aeschylus had shown some of the cult 's secrets on stage .
The first tropical cyclone of the season , Anita developed from a tropical wave on August 29 in the north-central Gulf of Mexico .
This is often important in its effect on woodworking techniques -LRB- e.g. against the grain -RRB- .
In one sequence , Colbert bathes in a marble pool filled with asses ' milk , a scene that came to be regarded as an example of Hollywood decadence prior to the enforcement of the Production Code .
Species may be succulent or not .
The party replaced the earlier French Section of the Workers ' International -LRB- SFIO -RRB- in 1969 , and is currently led by Martine Aubry .
The capital is the city of Fukushima .
There are two train stations in GroÃ enhain .
Raphael Lemkin -LRB- June 24 , 1900 â `` August 28 , 1959 -RRB- was a lawyer of Polish-Jewish descent .
The Diocese of Truro is a Church of England diocese in the Province of Canterbury .
In February 2004 , during the halftime show of the Super Bowl XXXVIII broadcast on the CBS television network , Timberlake performed with Janet Jackson before a television audience of more than 140 million viewers .
During the World Championships in Tokyo , Japan , Kim won the short program with 71.95 points , setting a world record .
Victoria Embankment extends from the City of Westminster into the City of London .
The state of Bremen consists of two separated enclaves : Bremen , officially the ` City ' -LRB- Stadtgemeinde Bremen -RRB- which is the state capital , and the city of Bremerhaven -LRB- Stadt Bremerhaven -RRB- . Both are located on the River Weser ; Bremerhaven is further downstream and serves as a North Sea harbor -LRB- the name means `` Bremen 's harbor '' -RRB- .
Alexandra Pauline `` Sasha '' Cohen -LRB- born October 26 , 1984 -RRB- is an American figure skater .
The Man of the Match award in the final of the competition has been awarded to :
Russellville is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
`` Canadian Idiot '' is a 2006 song and single by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic from his album Straight Outta Lynwood .
It is sometimes put on display alongside the Mappa Mundi in the cathedral 's chained library .
In 1925 the line to Fleetwood was made more direct between Rossall and Broadwater .
In Honduras , Costa Rica , Panama , and Colombia , these are usually used to wrap tamales before and while cooking , and they can be used to wrap any kind of seasoned meat while cooking to keep the flavor in .
If a standardized infobox-template does not contain enough data fields , just create a follow-on infobox after the template -LRB- using the coding method as shown above -RRB- .
The SS was responsible for establishing and operating concentration camps and extermination camps in which millions of inmates died of inhumane treatment , exploitation , malnutrition or medical experiments .
Kota Fujimoto is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka .
Braunwald is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
and ECW brands .
Baccarat is a town in the Meurthe-et-Moselle area in northeastern France .
With version 8 , it also blocks access to sites known to host malware .
The story was also adapted into an animated TV special by American animator Chuck Jones in 1975 .
JosÃ Carlos de Almeida -LRB- born 14 November , 1968 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Boutersem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
The years of Kameyama 's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name or nengÅ .
Norman Anthony Smiley -LRB- born February 28 , 1965 in Northampton , England -RRB- is a English professional wrestler who is best known for the ring names , Norman Smiley and for wrestling for WCW .
In 2003 , Barnes & Noble redesigned and expanded its line of literature classics , releasing books in hardcover , trade paperback and mass-market editions .
This `` antisymmetric wavefunction '' behavior implies that fermions are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle , i.e. no two fermions can occupy the same quantum state at the same time . This results in `` rigidity '' or `` stiffness '' of states that include fermions -LRB- atomic nuclei , atoms , molecules , etc. -RRB- , so fermions are sometimes said to be the constituents of matter , while bosons are said to be the particles that transmit interactions -LRB- i.e. force carriers -RRB- or the constituents of electromagnetic radiation .
Currently he is leader of the Pirate Party Germany .
Sunnah salat are optional prayers that can be performed by Muslims at almost any time of the day .
The Persian name for the region is QafqÃ cents z. Caucasia includes the Caucasus Mountains and surrounding lowlands .
Chevrolet , also known as Chevy , is an automobile manufacturing company owned by General Motors .
Low carbon steel contains approximately 0.05 â `` 0.15 % carbon and mild steel contains 0.16 â `` 0.29 % carbon , therefore it is neither brittle nor ductile .
Even though the crowd first cheered at the beginning of his statements of support for the Iraq war :
By the middle of the 16th century , a large number of masses composed used the parody technique .
The oldest natural history of this area related to mammals manifests in a series of rock outcrops about one third of a mile south of Goat Rock Beach , positioned above the shoreline on a low lying marine terrace .
At the 2006 Doha Asian Games , Mirza won the silver in the women 's singles category and the gold in the mixed doubles partnering Leander Paes .
His major works include paintings , murals , sketches , and other art objects .
Etziken is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Catalysts that speed the reaction are called positive catalysts .
It adjoins the counties of Cheshire , Derbyshire , Leicestershire , Warwickshire , West Midlands , Worcestershire and Shropshire .
In the mid-1960s Carver and his family lived in Sacramento . He worked as a night custodian at Mercy Hospital .
Carros is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Jerome provided the majority of the translation work for the vulgar -LRB- popular -RRB- Latin translation of the Bible , called the Vulgate Bible .
The Corsac Fox is threatened by hunting for the fur trade .
A formal security clearance is required to handle classified documents or access classified data .
In contrast to gray matter that is formed from neurons and their unmyelinated fibers , the white matter below them is formed predominantly by myelinated axons interconnecting neurons in different regions of the cerebral cortex with each other and neurons in other parts of the central nervous system .
JosÃ Carlos Garcia Leal -LRB- born 15 July 1980 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
The tables below attempt to list the different types and the different classifications used to describe them as clearly as possible :
Families often like to see the body once it has been removed from the machines and `` put to rest '' .
The town was officially renamed `` Allentown '' on April 16 , 1838 , after years of popular usage .
A moralistic children 's tale entitled `` The Cruel Boy '' was widely circulated in the 19th century .
The International Race of Champions -LRB- IROC -RRB- event was added in 1998 . The last IROC at Indy race was held in 2003 .
On May 18 , `` Juliette '' , the first single was released ; the song is instrumentally a remake of Corbin Bleu 's `` Deal With It '' .
Robinson Crusoe Island is the largest of the three islands of the Juan FernÃ ndez archipelago , which belongs to Chile .
They are easily identified by their elbowed antennae and a distinctive node-like structure that forms a slender waist .
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is a United States based company .
At first , the winner of the match received a shot at his brand 's champion .
Instant Search can be disabled via Google 's `` preferences '' menu , but autocomplete-style search suggestions now can not be disabled .
Representing the northernmost frontier barrier of the Roman Empire , it spanned approximately 39 miles -LRB- 63 km -RRB- and was about ten feet -LRB- 3 m -RRB- high and fifteen feet -LRB- 5 m -RRB- wide .
Lessons can also be made entertaining .
Its county seat is Chandler .
During the 2002 Festtage , he led a Wagner cycle in ten parts .
While Subtropical Storm Andrea was a named storm of the 2007 season , NOAA does not officially include subtropical storms ' ACE ratings in season totals .
Nodules were subsequently removed from his throat in an operation that took place on May 5 , 2005 .
Space Shuttle Columbia orbited the Earth 37 times in this mission .
A model for the origin of life based on clay was forwarded by A. Graham Cairns-Smith of the University of Glasgow in 1985 and explored as a plausible illustration by several other scientists , including Richard Dawkins .
Masahiro Å hashi -LRB- born June 23 , 1981 in Yokohama , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player , who plays for Gangwon FC .
In 1987 , Gillard joined the law firm Slater & Gordon at Werribee , Melbourne , working in industrial law .
Clarence S. Campbell Bowl
He held the record for the most number one singles of any act with 55 No. 1 Billboard country hits until George Strait broke the record in 2006 .
Leonard Simon Nimoy -LRB- born March 26 , 1931 -RRB- is an American actor , film director , poet , musician and photographer .
In total , Solti conducted 999 performances with the CSO .
Regardless , he took to the ice , and completed the first period without allowing a goal .
The Chaos will be released in the USA on 1 June 2010 , on Dovecote Records .
After a few years Roux 's theory was refuted by the studies of his colleague Hans Driesch and later , with more precision , Hans Spemann showed that , as a rule , Driesch 's conclusions were correct , but that results like Roux 's may be obtained after intervention in certain planes .
The Oracle of Amun proclaimed that it was the will of Amun that Hatshepsut be pharaoh , further strengthening her position .
Among the Bantu Kavirondo a father does not eat with his sons , nor do brothers eat together .
Bourdais won again at the next round , winning race 1 of the 2009 Monza round .
They are 60 feet long and 40 feet tall , and they weigh 30 tons .
The various historically driven changes have had a very significant influence on the architectural space of the city .
Jeu de paume literally means `` game of palm '' .
See also : Category : Articles with unsourced statements .
BFC Hertha 92 -LRB- Berlin Foortbal Club Hertha 92 -RRB- was formed in 1892 . Its name and team colors were taken from a steamship with a blue and white funnel .
With SMS , someone can send text to another person .
Disturbed by this , Grace sent her to live with her great-aunt , Olive Brunings in Compton , California .
Edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small , virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a big city of 1,000,000 residents by 1721 , the largest city in the world at the time .
It is belongs to the RTL Group .
Mohenjo-daro was one of the largest city-settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization of south Asia .
The 1986 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1986 , and lasted until November 30 , 1986 .
It is one of the few national anthems in the world to have no official lyrics .
After that came the Ferrari Dino V6 .
Da nÃ w odzej nostry paÅ kocidzany .
Also a chimerical figure may be present ; it appears to have the lower body of a woman with the upper body of a bison .
On June 26 , 1754 , he set out with a group of Plains Indians .
For the undergraduate class of 2011 , PLM received 40,000 college applications , and accepted three percent of them .
Timothy James `` Tim '' Pawlenty -LRB- pÉ Ë lÉ nti ; born November 27 , 1960 -RRB- is a Minnesota politician in the Republican Party who served as the 39th Governor of the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat roosts in the caves of limestone hills , far from the entrance .
Albin Pelak -LRB- born 9 April 1981 -RRB- is a Bosnia and Herzegovina football player .
Timothy Powell , a producer\/engineer stated in 2003 that he is `` even starting to see vocal tuning devices show up in concert settings '' ; he states that `` That 's more of an ethical dilemmaâ '' people pay a premium dollar to see artists and artists want people to see them at their best . ''
Hugo returned to political and social issues in his next novel , L'Homme Qui Rit -LRB- The Man Who Laughs -RRB- , which was published in 1869 and painted a critical picture of the aristocracy .
Shane , who felt neither of the two were deserving of the prize , asked them to pick a number between one and a million .
Gandhi deployed satyagraha in the Indian independence movement and also during his earlier struggles in South Africa .
Feather Linux contains many GTK + applications , such as AbiWord and Pidgin .
Ice Road Truckers is an American documentary-style reality television series that first appeared on television on The History Channel on June 17 , 2007 -LRB- first season -RRB- .
Mulisch was born in Haarlem and lived in Amsterdam from 1958 , following the death of his father in 1957 , until the end of his own life .
A cotton gin , or a cotton engine is a machine that pulls cotton fibers away from the cotton seeds . The modern cotton gin was invented by the American inventor Eli Whitney .
In Bangladesh , there was a closure of several sweatshops which had been run by a German company , and as a result , thousands of Bangladeshi children who had been working in those sweatshops ended up working as prostitutes , turning to crime , or starving to death . In Pakistan , several sweatshops , including ones run by Nike , Reebok , and other corporations , were closed , which caused those Pakistani children to turn to prostitution .
By 2007 , the population of Mandaeans in Iraq had fallen to approximately 5,000 .
A suggested resolution of the absence in November is that 's visibility is primarily due to a diffuse cloud of fine dust that is much brighter in forward scattered light -LRB- the conditions of the discovery image -RRB- , and that the solid core -LRB- if any -RRB- is small .
Chillicothe is located at .
This is done by steeping petite wormwood , hyssop , and melissa -LRB- among other herbs -RRB- in the liquid .
The broadcast of the Golden Globe Awards generally ranks as the third most-watched awards show each year , behind only the Oscars and Grammys .
This and the dark surface made it too dim to be detected by the Voyager 2 cameras during its Uranus flyby in 1986 .
Wulff continued to be named as a possible CDU candidate for Chancellor , particularly if Chancellor Merkel failed to secure a decisive mandate in the 2009 federal election .
Until 1996 , Fischer had been an outspoken connoisseur of good wines and food -LRB- regularly betting cases of expensive wine with opposition politicians on the outcome of elections -RRB- and had been overweight .
The game was infrequently played , with many top carom players of the era voicing their dislike of it , until after the 1907 introduction of the Lambert Trophy .
This unusual route happened because the Niger River is two ancient rivers which are joined together .
An SMS , or short messaging service is a type of communication used in mobile phones . They are more commonly called ` text messages ' .
Joschka Fischer writes a monthly commentary series , `` The Rebel Realist '' , for Project Syndicate , a non-profit association of newspapers around the world .
These early competitions have been called the precursors of the Paralympic Games .
Before its opening it was known as ` Strand Bridge ' .
The champions could appear on and defend the titles on any WWE brand .
South Ayrshire is a council area of Scotland , UK .
It connected to the main Bakerloo Line at Baker Street .
It became part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average on April 8 , 2004 .
Most butterfly caterpillars , on the other hand , form an exposed pupa , also termed a chrysalis .
The act originated from the Hamburg city law of the 13th century .
Some reactions give out energy . These are called exothermic .
This is how Uesugi came to be daimyo of Yonezawa .
A neurotoxin is a toxin that acts specifically on nerve cells â `` neurons â `` usually by interacting with membrane proteins and ion channels .
List of Romance languages , including information from Ethnologue.com .
The Parnassius butterfly larvae make a flimsy cocoon for pupation and they pupate near the ground surface between debris .
She gets up and begins to pole dance .
Pelosi is a member of the Democratic Party . She is the first woman to lead a major party in the United States Congress .
According to Joseph Patrick Byrne , `` Sixty thousand American soldiers died of malaria during the African and South Pacific campaigns . ''
Laurent Robert -LRB- born 21 May 1975 in Saint-Beno Ã t , RÃ union -RRB- is a French footballer .
Akan is a town in Richland County , Wisconsin , United States .
Tourette 's is normally inherited , and starts in childhood .
The larger French specimen -LRB- MNHN CNJ 79 -RRB- was discovered in 1972 in the Portlandian lithographic limestone of Canjuers near Nice in southeastern France .
Scientific notation is used to track the decimal point in more formal calculations .
The original flag was adopted on April 4 , 1959 , when Mali joined the Mali Federation .
In four U.S. states , the child is allowed to bring a wrongful life cause of action for such damages .
In 2010 , Heinz is offering an alternate squeeze and dip cup . This is meant to offer a cleaner method of dispensing the product .
Supply and demand is a model of microeconomics . It looks at how a price is formed .
It is the largest river system in the state of Sonora . The Yaqui river is used for irrigation .
The University of Texas at San Antonio is a public university in San Antonio , Texas , United States .
Plasmids can be found in all three major domains , Archaea , Bacteria and Eukarya .
They include many of the major figures , such as Odin , Frigg , Thor , Baldr and Tyr .
In January 1952 , Elizabeth and Philip set out for a tour of Australia and New Zealand .
Other writers say the canvas VelÃ zquez is painting is unusually large for a portrait by VelÃ zquez , and is about the same size as Las Meninas .
On 2009-08-01 , Net Applications began weighting its raw data based on the number of internet users in the countries concerned , using data from the CIA ; the changes were applied retroactively to older data .
A crossword , or crossword puzzle , is a popular type of word puzzle .
CernÄ teÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,100 people .
In Britain , 5 November has variously been called Guy Fawkes Night , Guy Fawkes Day and Bonfire Night ; the latter can be traced directly back to the original celebration of 5 November 1605 .
Modern cryptographic systems include symmetric-key algorithms -LRB- such as DES and AES -RRB- and public-key algorithms -LRB- such as RSA -RRB- . Symmetric-key algorithms use a single shared key ; keeping data secret requires keeping this key secret .
At least three children have been born in Antarctica , albeit in stations north of the Antarctic Circle . See Demographics of Antarctica .
The Sabah State Legislative Assembly is located at nearby Likas Bay .
As the name implies , the line is an orbital line linking all radial lines leading to the city , and also covering many parts of the Central Area .
The team achieved a great number of success , among which was Steffan Wesemanns win in the Ronde van Vlaanderen .
Assuming an albedo similar to 4 Vesta -LRB- around 0.4 -RRB- , suggests that the components are about 7 km across .
More and more countries signed the Geneva Convention and began to respect it in practice during armed conflicts .
This insight drove national public health bodies to make it possible to compile health data across practises and hospitals , a process that many countries do today .
The Governess and Mrs. Grose arrive as the children are about to be possessed , and the spirits depart .
Pavlova had particularly high , arched insteps , which left her vulnerable to injury when dancing en pointe .
Most of these on-screen crew members also take part in sÃ ances .
The settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of Plymouth , Massachusetts .
The relevant line from : Template : Amtrak lines is this :
Poitier also directed Cosby in Let 's Do It Again , A Piece of the Action , and Ghost Dad .
Ian Craig Marsh -LRB- born 11 November 1956 -RRB- is a British musician , a founding member of the electronic band The Human League , until leaving in 1980 to form B.E.F. -LRB- British Electric Foundation -RRB- and later Heaven 17 .
He is also related to the late S. Karivardhan . Karivardhan was India 's most famous racing driver before Karthikeyan .
A Hamming code is an error-correcting block code . The code is named after Richard Hamming who developed it in the 1940s .
Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy : Roy Worters and Al Rollins .
In reality , Act Five often ends up cycling back through Acts One through Four .
Hooker was instrumental in creating the device whereby the Wallace paper was accompanied by Darwin 's notes and his letter to Asa Gray -LRB- showing his prior realization of natural selection -RRB- in a presentation to the Linnean Society .
On the January 11th episode of RAW he won a Triple Threat Match with the help of Rhodes and DiBiase to get a Title shot at the Royal Rumble .
A convenient short-hand way of capturing this view of metaphor is the following : CONCEPTUAL DOMAIN -LRB- A -RRB- IS CONCEPTUAL DOMAIN -LRB- B -RRB- , which is what is called a conceptual metaphor . A conceptual metaphor consists of two conceptual domains , in which one domain is understood in terms of another .
In its opening weekend the film ranked # 2 ; and in its first week the film grossed $ 40 million , comprising 40 % of its `` $ 95 million budget '' .
The Palau national football team is the national football team of Palau .
It belongs to the PasiphaÃ `` group , irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22.8 and 24.1 million kilometers , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5 Â and 158.3 Â .
After six years under Sylvester , he spent a final year of apprenticeship in the New York City office of William P. Van Ness .
Their main aim was to harvest trepang -LRB- sea cucumber -RRB- , turtle shell , pearls and other prized items to trade in their homeland .
Saint-Philbert-de-Bouaine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
With work on DNA , it became clear that all proteins were being produced from their genetic code .
He is probably best known for wrestling as one half of the tag team , Road Warriors in WCW and The Legion of Doom in WWF .
`` Fuckin ' in the Bushes '' is the first track on English rock band Oasis ' fourth studio album , Standing on the Shoulder of Giants .
Jesse James Hollywood -LRB- born January 28 , 1980 in Los Angeles , California -RRB- is an American drug dealer and former fugitive . He allegedly kidnapped and had someone murder Nicholas Markowitz .
Panasonic Toyota Racing was a Formula One team owned by the Japanese car maker Toyota and based in Cologne , Germany .
The Paralympic Games have been damaged by cheating scandals .
The University of Oxford is a university located in Oxford in the United Kingdom .
A car ferry across the Gulf of California from MazatlÃ n to La Paz , Baja California Sur exists .
Ziaur Rahman , -LRB- the president of India in the late 1970s -RRB- , was in control of starting 40,392 village governments -LRB- gram sarkar -RRB- in 2003 .
After the remains of now extratropical Laura made its final landfall on the southern coast of the Netherlands , its rain clouds started mix with a cold front related to a well-developed low west of Norway , dropping up to 113 mm -LRB- 4.5 in -RRB- of precipitation in the northwestern Netherlands , flooding streets and homes in the village of Hippolytushoef .
It is to the north of the River Trent .
There are many political parties in Zanzibar , but the main Parties are the Chama Cha Mapinduzi -LRB- CCM -RRB- and the Civic United Front -LRB- CUF -RRB- .
Euanthe is about 3 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,465 Mm in 598.093 days , at an inclination of 143 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 142 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- with an eccentricity of 0.2001 .
The Dunkirk evacuation sometimes called Operation Dynamo or The Miracle at Dunkirk was a British mission to rescue Allied soldiers from the beaches of Dunkirk France , from 26 May and 4 June 1940 . The Allied soldiers were trapped in Dunkirk by the German army after the Battle of Dunkirk .
The Uganda national football team , nicknamed The Cranes , is the national team of Uganda and is controlled by the Federation of Uganda Football Associations .
Its county seat is Mayo , Florida .
When she was put in prison for a short time at Perm in 1918 , Princess Helena Petrovna , the wife of Anastasia 's distant cousin , Prince Ioann Konstantinovich of Russia , said that a guard took a girl who called herself Anastasia Romanova to her cell and asked her if the girl was the Tsar 's daughter .
Women , save the princely rulers , were ineligible for appointment to the Order .
He named his farm Coombing Park .
Many critics have argued about what the Swan Lake story was based on .
They had two sons , Gerard and Jeremy , who became a pianist .
Depending upon one 's point of view , the separation of a quango from government might be either to allow its specified functions to be more commercially exercised , independently of politics and changeable government priorities , and unencumbered by civil service practices and bureaucracy ; or else to allow an elected minister to exercise patronage , and extend their influence beyond their term of office , while evading responsibility for the expenditure of public money and the exercise of legal powers .
Edmund meets Tumnus while being chained in the Witch 's dungeon .
The Planck units are physical units of measurement . The system of these units was developed by Max Planck .
In 1977 guitar player Martin Simpson worked with her in the recording studio for three albums . He moved to America in 1987 .
Tibetan Buddhism exerted a strong influence from the 11th century CE among the peoples of Central Asia , especially in Mongolia and Manchuria .
This is a list of United States location maps used to pinpoint locations within the U.S.
However , the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature later decided to add the nominative case ending - r to the base form Suttung .
CrÃ py , formerly known as CrÃ py-en-Laonnais , is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Laarne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
In 1895 , a Japanese firm , Hemmi , started to make slide rules from bamboo , which had the advantages of being dimensionally stable , strong and naturally self-lubricating .
Pacific Grove is a coastal town in Monterey County , California , USA . The total population of 15,522 as of the 2000 census .
As Kyle , Stan , Kenny , and Cartman wait for the school bus , Cartman tells the boys about a dream he had the previous night about being abducted by aliens . The others try to convince him that the events did happen , but Cartman refuses to believe them .
The word Armageddon appears only once in the Greek New Testament .
From there , cargoes could be reloaded onto pack animals again and taken either east to Kashmir and then on to Taxila -LRB- a long route -RRB- , or west to Chitral which provided relatively easy access to either Jalalabad , or Peshawar via Swat .
On May 23 , 1960 , another tsunami , caused by a 9.5 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Chile the previous day , claimed 61 lives allegedly due to people 's failure to heed warning sirens .
They are two species of about 10 and 20 cm in overall length . This proves that some 55 mya , barely into the early Eocene , early perching birds were recognizably distinct .
The door which leads inside has two knobs , one on the right and one on the left .
The independence of Pakistan in 1947 led to the divisions of the Punjab province into two new provinces .
It was at the Library of Alexandria that the scientific method was first conceived and put into practice , and its empirical standards applied in serious textual criticism .
Apart from mentioning the increasing incidents of lung cancer and many of the causes behind it such as dust , exhaust gas from cars , tuberculosis , X-ray and pollutants emitted from factories , MÃ 1\/4 ller 's paper pointed out that `` the significance of tobacco smoke has been pushed more and more into the foreground '' .
Upminster is a suburban town in northeast London , England , and part of the London Borough of Havering .
Le Plagnal is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Ridder Newspapers bought the Star-News in 1956 ; Bernard J. Ridder took over as Publisher .
At 214 m below sea level , it is the lowest freshwater lake on Earth and the second-lowest lake in the world -LRB- after the Dead Sea , a saltwater lake -RRB- .
Baird died in Bexhill-on-Sea , Sussex , England on 14 June 1946 after a stroke in February 1946 .
Among many poems that Iraj composed , his well-known poems include Satan -LRB- in Persian : Ebleess -RRB- , Mother -LRB- in Persian : Maadar -RRB- , A Letter to a Poet Aref Ghazvini -LRB- in Persian : Arefnameh -RRB- , Woman 's Picture -LRB- in Persian : Tassvir-e-Zan -RRB- , Story of the Veil or Hijab -LRB- in Persian : hejab -RRB- and the Story of Zohreh and Manouchehr -LRB- in Persian : Daastan-e-Zohreh-o-Manouchehr -RRB- , which is based on William Shakespeare 's Venus and Adonis .
Alternatively , he may have made the common error of confusing distant icebergs with land , or been misled by the distorting effects of Antarctic mirage .
Linguine -LRB- also spelled ` Linguini ' -RRB- is a form of pasta â '' flat like fettuccine and trenette . It 's wider than spaghetti but not as wide as fettuccine .
The town was surveyed in 1839 .
The Province of Laguna was named after Laguna de Bay , the body of water that forms its northern boundary . Laguna de Bay , in turn , was named after the town of Bay -LRB- Laguna de Bay is Spanish which means `` Lake of Bay '' -RRB- , the first provincial capital .
Sea urchins are one of the favorite foods of sea otters and is also wolf eels .
Its current form has been in use since 19 June 1946 and was formally adopted on 1 January 1948 .
124.3 sq mi -LRB- 321.8 kmÂ -RRB- of it is land and 3.5 sq mi -LRB- 9.2 kmÂ -RRB- of it is water .
When he was repatriated , he was allowed to keep the manuscript of a book he had been writing , and his pet starling .
This is the hexadecimal color code used for c2c routes .
His first loss came in the form of a Raw dark match , at the TV taping on August 18 , 2008 when he lost to William Regal .
A total of 400 people were killed from the hurricane .
In April 2005 , the video was fourth on MTV2 and XXL 's list of the 25 Greatest West Coast Videos .
These rise to the soil surface and can produce foliage and flowers .
Vallauris is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Lido Anthony `` Lee '' Iacocca -LRB- born October 15 , 1924 in Allentown , Pennsylvania , USA -RRB- created the Ford Mustang in 1964 . He is best known for his time as chairman of the Chrysler Corporation .
However , the advantage of an extraterrestrial origin of primitive life is that life is not required to have evolved on each planet it occurs on , but rather in a single location , and then spread about the galaxy to other star systems via cometary and\/or meteorite impact .
The largest of them were the towns Krumbach , Bavaria and Thannhausen and the municipalities Ziemetshausen , Neuburg an der Kammel and Ursberg .
The Caucasus or Caucasia is a region in Eurasia bordered on the south by Iran , on the southwest by Turkey , on the west by the Black Sea , on the east by the Caspian Sea , and on the north by Russia .
Her extraordinary influence on fashion was such that she was the only person in the couturier field to be named on Time 100 : The Most Important People of the Century .
Still today the official lectionary followed by the Syrian Orthodox Church -LRB- with headquarters at Kottayam -LRB- Kerala -RRB- , and the Chaldean Syriac Church , also known as the Church of the East -LRB- Nestorian -RRB- , with headquarters at Trichur -LRB- Kerala -RRB- -RRB- presents lessons from only the twenty-two books of Peshitta , the version to which appeal is made for the settlement of doctrinal questions .
She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington , D.C. and Suffolk University in Boston , where her mother serves as professor of government and previously served as dean of the campus in Dakar , Senegal .
On July 7 , 2010 , Kleiza terminated his contract with Olympiacos . He was signed by the Toronto Raptors to a four-year , $ 20 million dollar gross income offer sheet .
Scarborough went back to New South Wales with the notorious Second Fleet .
The highest point in Overijssel is the summit of the Tankenberg , a hill in the municipality of Losser . It is 89 metres -LRB- 295 ft -RRB- .
Burnham , who served as the lead scout of the Wilson patrol , sensed a trap and advised Wilson to withdraw , but Wilson ordered his patrol to advance . Soon afterwards , the patrol found the king and Wilson sent a message back to the laager requesting reinforcements .
An episode of The Simpsons called `` Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo '' made fun of `` DennÅ Senshi Porygon '' .
When the Long Island Rail Road 's new station , below the existing levels , opens , Grand Central will offer a total of 75 tracks and 48 platforms .
In 1892 , Pulitzer offered Columbia University 's president , Seth Low , money to set up the world 's first school of journalism .
Xenon gas is used in electron tubes , bactericidal lamps , stobe lamps , and lamps used to excite ruby lasers .
The hope was that local communities , educated about the danger of forest fires , could prevent them from starting in the first place .
Only Red Abalone may be taken ; black , white , pink , and flat abalone are protected by law .
Princess Margrethe was born at Amalienborg Palace , Copenhagen , to Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Ingrid .
The mixed ability classes replaced the elite system in September , 1996 .
Lynch also guest starred on the Nickelodeon show iCarly as Pam Puckett , Sam Puckett 's mother , in the episode iSam 's Mom .
Federico Balzaretti -LRB- born 6 December 1981 -RRB- is an Italian football player .
Utagawa Kunisada -LRB- 1786 â `` January 12 , 1865 -RRB- -LRB- Japanese : æ å å 1\/2 è , also known as Utagawa Toyokuni III ä ä '' # æ å è å 1\/2 -RRB- was the most popular , prolific and financially successful designer of ukiyo-e woodblock prints in 19th-century Japan .
Whereas Pallas and Eris - the only bigger bodies with comparably tilted orbits - have nodes near perihelion and aphelion , Euphrosyne 's perihelion lies at the northernmost point of its orbit .
On October 20 , 1978 , Firestone recalled over 7 million Firestone 500 tires .
As the Privatisation of British Rail began , this project became unviable as resources were concentrated on the privatisation process , leading to the famous 1064-day ` drought ' of new train orders . By the time this period was over , plans had moved on and Stratchclyde ended up receiving a batch of Class 170 units .
David Soria Yoshinari -LRB- born 18 September 1977 -RRB- is a Peruvian football player . He has played for Peru national team .
The Twelve Olympians are the most important gods of Greek mythology , who lived on top of Mount Olympus . Seventeen gods have been said to have been Olympians , but there were never more than twelve at the same time .
Books can either be saved in the user 's namespace User : Name\/Books\/Bookname or as a community book at Books\/Bookname .
Todd Grisham -LRB- born January 9 , 1976 -RRB- is an American presenter\/announcer who is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- as a play-by-play commentator for WWE NXT . He is also the host for Fox Soccer Channel 's Major League Soccer broadcasts .
The end result was that hundreds of thousands of residents and tourists were unable to evacuate and remained in the city .
Their next project was 1985 's Crimewave , directed by Sam Raimi .
The Ebenaceae are a family of flowering plants , which includes ebony and persimmon .
Yeovil Town F.C. are an English association football team based in Yeovil , Somerset .
The original specimen is housed at the Black Hills Institute of Geological Research .
In 1978 , Romero returned to the zombie genre with Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- .
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .
Timothy Goebel is a figure skater from the United States . He is Catholic and was adopted as an infant .
The original intention was to number the locomotives 958 to 960 , following on from the steam locomotives of the Z class , but as delivered they were numbered 1 to 3 in a separate list from the SR 's steam locomotives .
Typically , abstraction is used in the arts as a synonym for abstract art in general .
This was followed by the Jemdet Nasr period of Sumer proper . Uruk played a leading role in the early urbanization of Sumer in the mid 4th millennium BC .
Together they returned to the Amazon in 1948 , after which he penned `` Where Civilization Ends '' -LRB- Donde La Civilizacion Termina -RRB- .
The club was founded in 1887 and play its home games at a stadium called Oakwell .
Alexios I Komnenos , Latinized as Alexius I Comnenus -LRB- , 1056 â `` 15 August 1118 â '' note that some sources list his date of birth as 1048 -RRB- , was Byzantine emperor from 1081 to 1118 , and although he was not the founder of Komnenian dynasty , it was during his reign that the Komnenos family came to full power .
The electronics , or the software driving the electronics then turns on sinks in sequence , and drives sources for the pixels of each sink .
In the end in February 2010 , Atlanta was awarded the right to host the event .
However , the book actually has nothing to do with the Maccabees . It does not have anything to do with their revolt against the Seleucid Empire , either -LRB- as described in 1 Maccabees and 2 Maccabees -RRB- .
In a New York Times interview in April 1969 , Alden Whitman asked writer Vladimir Nabokov : `` How do you rank yourself among writers -LRB- living -RRB- and of the immediate past ? ''
Shane interrupted his father 's gloating over the WCW purchase to explain that Shane was the one who actually owned WCW , setting up what became the WWF 's `` Invasion '' storyline .
Most historians agree that the Sassanid Persian and Byzantine Roman empires were militarily and economically exhausted from decades of fighting one another .
Brunsville is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States .
Mount Elbrus -LRB- , Elbrus ; , -RRB- is an inactive volcano located in the western Caucasus mountain range , in Kabardino-Balkaria and Karachay-Cherkessia , Russia , near the border of Georgia .
His father , Edward Gambon , was an engineer and his mother , Mary -LRB- nÃ e Hoare -RRB- , was a seamstress .
With these 5 grab the enemy ! ''
Shelbies are also capable of knowing if it is talking to a Furby or another Shelby , saying phrases such as `` Where 's Furby ? ''
The evolution of carnivorous plants is obscured by the paucity of their fossil record . Very few fossils have been found , and then usually only as seed or pollen .
Le Barp is a commune .
As a change from the usual music he sings , he sang `` You 'll Never Walk Alone '' from the Broadway musical Carousel at the Berlin Live 8 concert in 2005 .
Andrzej Tadeusz Bonawentura KoÅ ciuszko -LRB- ; February 4 , 1746 -- October 15 , 1817 -RRB- was a Polishâ `` Lithuanian general and military leader during the KoÅ ciuszko Uprising .
Alan James Ball , Jr. , MBE -LRB- 12 May 1945 â `` 25 April 2007 -RRB- was an professional English footballer and football club manager .
Pages which are normally appropriate for children to use may be vandalized with rude words or content which may be offensive .
The shirts worn by rugby league players commonly have a large `` V '' around the neck and they also tend to be more colourful than the rugby union jerseys . The players in the rugby union wear jerseys with a more traditional design , sometimes completely white -LRB- Cahors Rugby in France -RRB- .
In 1911 , to continue his education at the University of Saint Petersburg , from which Jews were excluded , he converted to Methodism -LRB- which he did not practice -RRB- and entered the university the same year .
Pierremande is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ninety airlines operate out of JFK .
Laon is the capital city of the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Moorland is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
In other works , shields consist of a device that generates an energy barrier in the shape of a traditional shield -LRB- as opposed to the more typical skin-tight or globular `` shields '' described above -RRB- and used in much the same way , such as the `` beam shields '' -LRB- based on beam saber technology -RRB- of Gundam F-91 and later works in the Universal Century timeline , or the shields carried by some of the battle droids in the climactic land battle in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace . Such shields , whether composed of matter or energy , are typically able to block most or all attacks from weapons comparable in size to the shield , i.e. personal shields are typically impenetrable by personal weapons but not to larger vehicle or ship weapons , while the shields used by mobile suits in the various Gundam anime can block mobile suit weapons and tank guns and some battleship weapons ; because of their limited coverage , however , shields are generally depicted as ineffective against area-affecting attacks like grenades and other explosives , and of limited or no use when attacked by surprise or from multiple directions .
Aywaille is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
The oldest piano manufacturer in the world is located in Schwelm .
It is a very dense planet due to the large size of its core .
In 1935 he testified for the defense in the trial of Albert Fish , declaring him insane .
There are two ways that a piston engine can transform combustion into motive power .
It is partially located beneath the A406 road -LRB- which is named Angel Road at that point -RRB- .
In patients at high risk of ventricular fibrillation the use of an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator has been shown to help .
What a pity such a gifted creature died so early !
He did many jobs there , but is arguably best known as a character designer .
The mixture is then whisked to a uniform consistency , using a bamboo whisk known as a chasen .
He was selected by the Edmonton Oilers 15th overall in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and made his National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- debut in 2009 â `` 10 .
However , some researchers are working in this field , notably Steen Rasmussen at Los Alamos National Laboratory and Jack Szostak at Harvard University .
In 1948 , Reese put his arm around Robinson in response to fans who shouted racial slurs at Robinson before a game in Cincinnati .
The station , opened in 1879 , consists of a substantial station building on a single side platform , a passing loop and small goods yard .
The island of Santa Maria -LRB- Portuguese for Saint Mary -RRB- is an island located in the southeastern part of the Azores and is the southernmost island in the Azores Islands . It was the first island in the Azores Archipelago to be discovered .
Some charged that the boy was `` supposititious '' , having been secretly smuggled into the Queen 's room in a bed-warming pan as a substitute for her stillborn baby .
The theorem says that every positive integer greater than 1 can be written as a product of prime numbers -LRB- or the integer is itself a prime number -RRB- .
A colonel is typically in charge of a regiment in the army .
It is named after Ligeia , one of the sirens in Greek mythology .
Gevorgian is the son of well-known Armenian folk-singer Valya Samvelyan .
Its county seat is Stigler .
This was Wright 's shifting balance theory of evolution .
Brownsboro Farm is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Pensacola Christian College -LRB- PCC -RRB- is an unaccredited , fundamentalist , Independent Baptist college in Pensacola , Florida , USA , founded in 1974 by Arlin Horton .
Towards the end of the song , Lambert begins to play with his band and the video shows everyone in the club dancing .
It peaked at number 81 on the Pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart .
The type was used only between Manchester and Bury .
However , the worst property damage was in coastal areas of Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama , such as all Mississippi beachfront towns , which were flooded over 90 % in hours , as boats and casino barges rammed buildings , pushing cars and houses inland , with waters reaching 6 â `` 12 miles -LRB- 10 â `` 19 km -RRB- from the beach .
He remains active with the Canuck Oldtimers squad .
Diaphragm compressors are used for hydrogen and compressed natural gas -LRB- CNG -RRB- as well as in a number of other applications .
Its county seat is Fernandina Beach , Florida .
Masur has been married three times .
Together they have four sons .
The Region of Murcia comprises 46 municipalities , the most populated being Murcia , Cartagena , Lorca , and Molina de Segura .
Between these degrees he worked as a demonstrator and part-time lecturer at the University of St Andrews Natural History Department .
As part of the Generalplan Ost , they were resettled in 1942 at SkierbieszÃ w. This was a village near ZamoÅ Ä , Poland -LRB- then part of the General Government -RRB- .
He was also the patron god of the Aztec priesthood , of learning and of knowledge .
Offshore , the storm killed 9.4 million fish , causing $ 7.8 million -LRB- 1992 USD -RRB- in lost value , and damaged large areas of marshland along the Louisiana coast .
The historic heart of Shoreditch is Shoreditch High Street and Shoreditch Church .
An example would be to add red coloring to glacÃ cherries . Without coloring , the cherries would be beige .
Taxila Tehsil , head-quartered at Taxila , is one of the seven Tehsils -LRB- sub-divisions -RRB- of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Rainbands within tropical cyclones need moisture and a low level pool of cooler air .
Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive and concise websites and content that provide Fedora users and contributors with quality information .
She met Jude Law when they were both working on the film Shopping .
The pods are borne within 5 to 10 cm of the base of the plant .
Kim was the only female skater whose triple-triple combination was seen by the judges in both the short and free programs during the 2008 â `` 2009 season .
This series would also end a long period of success for the Yankees in the World Series .
Schmiedrued is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The closest and farthest cells are projected to inscribed tetrahedra within the cube , corresponding with the two possible ways to inscribe a regular tetrahedron in a cube .
While the revolt drew several hundred men , both Croats and Serbs , it was soon crushed by Imperial Austrian troops .
Healey was born in Mottingham , London , but moved with his family to Keighley in the West Riding of Yorkshire when he was five years old .
According to Variety , American Pie : Band Camp sold a million copies in one week , despite retaining only two actors from the original trilogy .
In 1992 , Kimura received the Darwin Medal from the Royal Society , and the following year he was made a Foreign Member of the Royal Society .
The hyper engine was a possible aircraft engine model that could produce 1 horsepower per cubic inch of engine displacement .
All the names of the mountains , lakes , rivers and passes are in Balti\/Ladakhi , suggesting that this land has been part of Baltistan\/Ladakh province for a long time .
Trees may be grouped into exogenous and endogenous trees according to the way in which their stem diameter increases .
With the rise of the Internet , debates about 0.999 ... have escaped the classroom and are commonplace on newsgroups and message boards , including many that nominally have little to do with mathematics .
It was created out of the merger of several Punjabi princely states on July 15 , 1948 , formally becoming a state of India in 1950 .
Son of the Shadows is an historical fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier and the second book in the Sevenwaters Trilogy first published in 2000 .
She goes by the stage name AlizÃ e â '' which is the feminine form of alizÃ and means `` trade wind '' . AlizÃ e was found by MylÃ ne Farmer , after AlizÃ e 's performance in the talent show , Graines de Star , in 1999 .
Link the final version of this review -LRB- as used in artist listing on RobertChristgau.com -RRB- ; do not use an early version from the Consumer Guide column unless it is the only published version -LRB- highly unlikely -RRB- .
Harold Clayton Lloyd , Sr. -LRB- April 20 , 1893 -- March 8 1971 -RRB- was a famous American actor and producer .
This makes it hard for Wilbur to visit Cardigan .
DavÃ zieux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa mountains -LRB- Sierra de Cristal -RRB- dominate the province , dividing both climate and landscape .
George Delmetia Beauchamp -LRB- March 18 , 1899 -- March 30 , 1941 -RRB- was an inventor of musical instruments and a co-founder of National Stringed Instrument Corporation and Rickenbacker guitars .
No need to use `` location '' parameter because `` New York '' is already in name of paper .
Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , Inc. , based in Basking Ridge , New Jersey , is a part of the company which operates bookstores at more than 600 colleges .
It is located in the Barisal Division .
Recent versions of the Saltire have therefore largely converged on this official recommendation .
Comments to posts regularly top the thousands -LRB- in the Italian version -RRB- .
Selenium compounds are chemical compounds contains selenium ions .
In neuroscience , it includes measurements of the electrical activity of neurons , and particularly action potential activity .
With Vespasian declared emperor , Titus and his brother Domitian likewise received the title of Caesar from the Senate .
Gunzgen is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Bega added new lyrics to the song and sampled the original version extensively .
Just as you can edit Wikipedia , so can anyone else .
In an article published in the British academic journal Democratization in 1998 , he focused in particular on how the US embargo against Cuba helps create `` empathy '' by third parties towards Cuba , which is then domestically perceived as support towards Cuba 's regime .
Alken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Katie stepped down after 5 hours .
Other publications , such as Popular Mechanics , , Scientific American , and The Times-Picayune predicted doomsday situations in which a sinking city would drown and its residents would be left homeless .
Blaye is a commune .
As the first notes of the triumphant Hallelujah Chorus rang out , the king rose to his feet and remained standing until the end of the chorus .
He was murdered by Andrew Cunanan , who used the same gun to commit suicide on a boat several days later .
The psychological manifestation of visual information is known as visual perception , a lack of which is called blindness .
Bertrand `` Bert '' Arthur Patenaude -LRB- Ë pÃ tnoÊ d ; November 4 , 1909 -- November 4 , 1974 -RRB- was an American soccer player .
Simon Peyton Jones -LRB- born in South Africa on January 18 , 1958 -RRB- is a British computer scientist who researches the implementation and applications of functional programming languages , particularly lazy functional languages .
Coltrane played the bebop and hard bop styles of jazz early in his career , and helped start the use of modes in jazz and later was a very important part of free jazz .
Teasc is a commune of Dolj County , Romania . 3,360 people live in Teasc .
On August 28 , the National Weather Service in Slidell , Louisiana issued a bulletin predicting `` devastating '' damage rivaling the intensity of Hurricane Camille .
The May , 2 2010 Pichilemu earthquake was a magnitude 6.0 MW earthquake that struck off Pichilemu , Chile , at 10:52 AM on May 2 , 2010 at the epicenter , at a depth of 31 k. USGS described that the epicenter was 70 k south-southwest of San Antonio , 105 k west Regional capital of Rancagua , 105 k northwest of CuricÃ and 140 k southwest of the Chilean capital of Santiago .
This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to Philemon .
Avatar is notable for borrowing extensively from Asian art and mythology to create its universe .
In the winter of 1786 , Jane and Cassandra went back home because their family was not rich enough to send both of their daughters to school .
The feud between The Hardys -LRB- Matt and Jeff -RRB- and Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch began at Backlash .
Juliet belongs to Portia Group of satellites , which also includes Bianca , Cressida , Desdemona , Portia , Rosalind , Cupid , Belinda and Perdita .
The Chengdu airport was shut down , and the control tower and regional radar control evacuated .
Mix engineer Dave Sardy was drafted in to co-produce the album with Manson .
A substitute Raw , hosted by Todd Grisham from WWE Studios , was created featuring recaps of John Cena 's WWE Championship victories , mainly the ones that had occurred over the past year .
Tom is put in the madhouse called Bedlam . He believes he is Adonis and that Anne is Venus , the Roman goddess of love .
It links the Zona Franca with Badalona , through Barcelona proper , sharing a good deal of the area covered by L9 .
On June 8 2007 , Friday Night SmackDown !
Because an embedded system is often composed of a wide variety of elements , the debugging strategy may vary .
It began as a service creating Wikipedia articles for paying corporations . The site was founded by Gregory Kohs , a market researcher .
They include both Premiership and Championship Groundsman of the Year . The pitch was voted the best in the Championship for two consecutive seasons in 2004 and 2005 .
Her family sincerely grieved her death .
Millions of items are bought on eBay every day . It is very cheap to list an item on eBay .
He also produced the latest M. Night Shyamalan films The Happening and The Last Airbender .
By the mid-1960s , sports federations were starting to ban the use of performance enhancing drugs . The IOC did like wise in 1967 .
TV Tokyo Corporation -LRB- or TX -RRB- is a television station headquartered in Toranomon , Minato , Tokyo , Japan .
It is located in Sedgwick County , which is in the south-central part of the state .
Orkney and Shetland were given to Scotland as a deposit on the dowry of Margaret of Denmark when she married James III of Scotland in 1469 .
But we never do '' .
The company also builds tools for database development and systems of middle-tier software , enterprise resource planning software -LRB- ERP -RRB- , customer relationship management software -LRB- CRM -RRB- and supply chain management -LRB- SCM -RRB- software .
The edible dormouse or fat dormouse -LRB- Glis glis -RRB- is a small dormouse and the only species in the genus Glis .
Use this template to wrap an inline formula in wikitext .
Convection remained minimal and it quickly degenerated into a remnant area of low pressure .
The only exception to these styles is Toph , who can be seen practicing a Chu Gar Southern Praying Mantis style .
Viareggio remained under the control of the Austrians until 1817 when , as part of the agreements from Congress of Vienna , Maria Luisa di Borbone was assigned the new Duchy of Lucca .
It was filmed in Sarawak and is set during the British colonial rule in the 1930s .
The population , estimated at 0.6 million in 1940 , reached 1.9 M by 1960 and 4.8 M by 1980 .
A prolific artist , he made several thousand paintings .
She helps him escape from skeletal warriors who were trying to attack Percy and his friends .
The term epidemiology is now widely applied to cover the description and causation of not only epidemic disease , but of disease in general , and even many non-disease health-related conditions , such as high blood pressure and obesity .
The LÃ 1\/4 beck law was the constitution of a municipal form of government developed at LÃ 1\/4 beck in Schleswig-Holstein after it was made a free city in 1226 .
-LRB- Thus , if the Document is in part a textbook of mathematics , a Secondary Section may not explain any mathematics . -RRB-
Darwin 's sequel came eight years later , with The Descent of Man , and Selection in relation to Sex -LRB- 1871 -RRB- .
The formation of the Mediterranean Sea is a more recent development .
He left a small estate , reduced in size by his debts , which Peggy undertook to clear .
Carlos Alberto Torres -LRB- born July 17 , 1944 , Rio de Janeiro -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer , one of the most highly regarded defenders of all time .
Some fossils still had baby specimens inside them , indicating that Ichthyosaurus was viviparous .
Ernst Julius RÃ hm , -LRB- November 28 , 1887 â `` July 2 , 1934 -RRB- was an officer of the Bavarian Army and later a Nazi leader .
Most belong to the family Cladorhizidae , but a few members of the Guitarridae and Esperiopsidae are also carnivores .
It was originally assumed that the Tobin tax would require multilateral implementation , since one country acting alone would find it very difficult to implement this tax . Many people have therefore argued that it would be best implemented by an international institution .
Intellivision games became readily available again when Keith Robinson , an early Intellivision programmer responsible for the game TRON : Solar Sailer purchased the software rights and founded a new company , Intellivision Productions . As a result , games originally designed for the Intellivision are available on PCs and modern-day consoles including the PlayStation 2 , Xbox and Nintendo GameCube in the Intellivision Lives !
Whether the mixture of gases used in the Millerâ `` Urey experiment truly reflects the atmospheric content of early Earth is a controversial topic .
Lantages is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
During and following the Renaissance it became fashionable for black boys and young men to be decorative pages , placed into fancy costumes and attending fashionable ladies and lords .
Electricity is transmitted at high voltages -LRB- 110 kV or above -RRB- to reduce the energy lost in long distance transmission . Power is usually transmitted through overhead power lines .
Freyr and his sister Freya were fertility gods .
The Saab 9000 was a car produced by Saab from 1985 through 1998 .
John Bardeen -LRB- 23 May 1908 â `` 30 January 1991 -RRB- was an American physicist and electrical engineer . He is the only person to win two Nobel Prizes in Physics .
In 1979 she won a national writing contest and used the prize money to pay for her entry into the actors directory ` Spotlight ' .
Software not ready yet for the unstable distribution is typically placed in the experimental repository .
The first of the trains was expected to begin passenger service for the Victoria line for evaluation purposes in July 2008 , with the remainder of the fleet being delivered and entering passenger service in 2009 .
A-type asteroids are fairly uncommon closer asteroids that have a strong , broad 1 Â m olivine feature and a very reddish spectrum shortwards of 0.7 Â m .
If the flag `` o '' is given , the server will only return information about IRC Operators .
The Rose Bowl -LRB- or the Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio for sponsorship purposes -RRB- is an annual American college football bowl game , usually played on January 1 -LRB- New Year 's Day -RRB- at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California .
When Macrone died unexpectantly at age 28 Dickens helped to publish a book -LRB- Pic-Nic Papers -RRB- to benefit Macrone 's widow and children .
The word use of Basic English is much simpler and more regular than that of full English .
It serves over 54 million people a year .
Andrew Lee Isaac Vowles -LRB- born 10 November 1967 , Southmead Hospital , Bristol , England -RRB- , also known as Mushroom , is a founding member of British trip-hop collective Massive Attack .
In 2008 , curator Edna Russman announced that a third of the Coptic art held in the museum 's collectionâ '' second-largest in North Americaâ '' is fake .
Churros , sometimes called Spanish doughnuts , are fried-dough pastry-based snacks , sometimes made from potato dough , that originated in Spain .
Denotation is often associated with symbolism , as the denotation of a particular media text often represents something further ; a hidden meaning -LRB- or an Engima Code -RRB- is often encoded into a media text -LRB- such as the images below -RRB- .
In 1983 he became a judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany -LRB- â Bundesverfassungsgerichtâ -RRB- in Karlsruhe . From 1987 until 1994 , he also served as the president of this Court , until he was elected President of Germany by the Federal Assembly -LRB- Bundesversammlung -RRB- in 1994 .
The town 's water purification system was flooded , resulting in water restrictions that have not helped clean-up efforts .
Theodor Fontane -LRB- ; December 30 , 1819 â `` September 20 , 1898 -RRB- was a German novelist and poet , regarded by many to be the most important 19th-century German-language realist writer .
; bodystyle : Specifies CSS styles to apply to the template body .
Clapton is in both Travelcard Zone 2 and Travelcard Zone 3 .
The society is not to be confused with an industry union , such as the I.A.T.S.E The current president is Bobbi Banks .
It is also a starting point for people wanting to see Cooktown , Cape York Peninsula , and the Atherton Tableland .
The first sports car to use a DFV , the Ford P68 , failed to finish a single race because of repeated mechanical and electrical failures .
Tropical Storm Fay also reached land here in 2008 .
In April 2009 the line reopened to its first through traffic from London with occasional special services .
Nobuki Hara -LRB- born 6 September 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Anna 's is the only North American hummingbird species with a red crown .
Dynamo Moscow -LRB- Russian : Ð '' Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ð Ð -RRB- was a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Moscow .
In this episode , Homer is made to wear a pink shirt to work one day and is mistaken for a `` free thinking anarchist '' and sent to a `` mental institution . '' He 's in a room with a large white man who acts as if he were Michael Jackson .
Software development -LRB- also known as application development , software design , designing software , software application development , enterprise application development , or platform development -RRB- is the development of a software product . The term `` software development '' may be used to refer to the activity of computer programming , which is the process of writing and maintaining the source code , but in a broader sense of the term it includes all that is involved between the conception of the desired software through to the final manifestation of the software , ideally in a planned and structured process .
The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator . Using a freezer will allow for it to be kept a longer time .
If it had a long thin tail like the Lace monitor -LRB- Varanus varius -RRB- , then it would have reached a length of 7.9 m , while if its tail-to-body proportions were more similar to that of the Komodo dragon , then a length of around 7 m is more likely .
In 1818 , Christian Gmelin was the first to observe that lithium salts give a bright red color to flame .
Like their relatives in the family , the pipits are monogamous and territorial .
Grandfontaine is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Nickel -LRB- II -RRB- carbonate describes one or a mixture of inorganic compounds containing nickel and carbonate .
In Unicode , the sharp symbol -LRB- â -RRB- is at code point U +266 F. Its HTML entity is &#9839; .
Although dubious about much of Morrell 's account , Simpson-Housley suggests that the speeds claimed for the western journey , though fast , are not impossible .
It is bounded on the north by Ukraine , on the east by Russia and on the west by the Crimean peninsula .
16 earned by the team 's first driver , Pierluigi Martini .
Saint-Marcel-l Ã s-Annonay is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Select the search type from the menu on the right .
The Advisory Board is an international network of experts who have agreed to give the foundation meaningful help on a regular basis in many different areas , including law , organizational development , technology , policy , and outreach .
Dilma Vana Rousseff -LRB- born December 14 , 1947 -RRB- is a economist , politician and the 40th president-elect of Brazil .
Michele began working professionally as a child actress on Broadway in productions such as Ragtime and Les MisÃ rables .
It tracked quickly northeastward , and intensified into a tropical storm at its record latitude on August 7 while located about 60 miles -LRB- 95 km -RRB- east of the Massachusetts island of Nantucket .
He was exceptionally talented in the endgame , particularly in rook endings , where he broke new ground in knowledge .
On 16 March 2008 Bourdais competed in his first Formula One Championship race , the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne .
They were originally used for general farm work including cattle droving , sheep herding , and cart pulling , and nowadays as guard dogs and police dogs , as well as being kept as pets .
The selenium dioxide is dissolved in acidic water to make selenous acid , which is reacted with sulfur dioxide to make selenium as an element .
In 1991 , and from 1994 to 1999 , the award was known as Best Alternative Music Performance .
Zappas funded the restoration of the ancient Panathenaic stadium so that it could host all future Olympic Games .
Valery Abisalovich Gergiev -LRB- ; ; born 2 May 1953 -RRB- is a Russian conductor and opera company director .
Both `` ostinatos '' and `` ostinati '' are accepted English plural forms , the latter reflecting the word 's Italian etymology .
DSP Entertainment replaced her with two new members , Goo Hara and Kang Jiyoung , and Kara made a comeback with Rock U , which changed their image from `` Hip-hop '' to `` cute and playful '' .
Bridgewater is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Five prototype classes -LRB- 81-85 -RRB- were built and evaluated , which eventually led to the development of the Class 86 locomotive .
The NHL lockout meant that Kennedy did not actually play for the Jets before being picked up on waivers by the Calgary Flames .
Some solvents including chloroform and benzene -LRB- an ingredient of gasoline -RRB- are carcinogenic .
When braille is adapted to languages which do not use the Latin alphabet , the blocks are generally assigned to the new alphabet according to how it is transliterated into the Latin alphabet , and the alphabetic order of the national script -LRB- and therefore the natural order of Latin braille -RRB- is disregarded .
In mathematics , a finite set is a set that has a certain number of elements .
Visitor and Siddig eventually married , but they divorced in 2001 .
A common enemy in Braid has been compared to the Goomba , Gaming Age editor Dustin Chadwell calling it a `` slightly skewed version of the Goomba .
Lips also show emotions .
AgustÃ n Ross Edwards -LRB- February 5 , 1844 , La Serena , Chile - October 20 , 1926 , ViÃ a del Mar , Chile -RRB- was a Chilean politician , diplomatic and banker .
In common with many other new Formula One circuits , it was designed by Hermann Tilke , and also features his trademark track feature : a long back straight followed by a hairpin turn .
Pablo Gabriel GarcÃ a -LRB- born 11 May 1977 -RRB- is an Uruguayan football player . He plays for PAOK Thessaloniki .
Bargeddie is a small town in North Lanarkshire , Scotland , located east of the junction of the M73 and M8 motorways , situated 2 miles -LRB- 3 km -RRB- west of Coatbridge town center .
This constitution remained in effect until the dissolution of the Prussian kingdom in 1918 .
In 2000 , Jeter became the first player ever to win the All-Star Game MVP award and the World Series MVP Award in the same year .
La JaudonniÃ re is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Serving both developed and developing countries , FAO acts as a neutral forum where all nations meet as equals to negotiate agreements and debate policy .
KÃ lliken is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
She made her debut as writer and co-star of the 2004 teen comedy Mean Girls .
From the window he often saw British soldiers firing at the demonstrators , men and women .
Tradition associates Chongqing with the semi-legendary State of Ba that the Ba people supposedly established during the eleventh century BCE . By 316 BCE , however , it had been overrun by the State of Qin .
It is operated by Nottingham Tram Consortium , a 50:50 partnership between Transdev and Nottingham City Transport .
It is part of the Blacksburg -- Christiansburg -- Radford Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Each year , the Sovereign stays at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in June or July ; during the visit , a service for the Order is held .
It takes one unnamed parameter and creates a `` banner '' to be displayed in an infobox .
He attended the London Oratory School and then went on to study at The Queen 's University of Belfast -LRB- ` Queen 's ' -RRB- in Northern Ireland before giving up his degree course to go into acting at the Drama Centre London .
Many people died in the war , and even today there is still anger between the different ethnic and religious groups of Nigeria .
The British Rail Class 14 is a type of small diesel-hydraulic locomotive built in the mid-1960s .
`` UHF '' is an original song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic in the key of E major and based on several different riffs .
He was chief conductor of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra from 1981 until 1985 - the year he made his debut in the United Kingdom , along with pianist Evgeny Kissin , and violinists Maxim Vengerov and Vadim Repin , at The Lichfield Festival .
While under study , the system was referred to as 90L Invest .
In the show catalog , Carl Andre noted , `` Art excludes the unnecessary .
The quarterfinals saw no upsets as Nestor and Srebotnik , Zimonjic and Kirlienko , Hanley and Chan and Tecau and Mettekâ `` Sands made the semifinals .
Meanwhile , Prussia Germanized the entire school system of its Polish subjects , and had no more respect for Polish culture and institutions than the Russian Empire .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
Not only is she the only woman ever to have received this title , she is the only woman ever to have deserved it .
The first Survivor Series event took place on November 29 1987 . It was shown at the same time as NWA 's Starrcade which was thought to be the biggest yearly event for NWA .
And after the Peruvian War of Independence , it became the capital of the Republic of Peru .
By 2003 the city had approved a plan to restart the four megawatt-hour hydroelectric plant and in February 2009 the plant opened again .
The Smithsonian Institution is an educational and research institute and associated museum complex , administered and funded by the government of the United States and by funds from its endowment , contributions , and profits from its retail operations , concessions , licensing activities , and magazines .
After the success of Parachutes , Coldplay returned to the studio in September 2001 to begin work on their second album A Rush of Blood to the Head , once again with Ken Nelson producing .
The play Romeo and Juliet written by William Shakespeare was based in Verona .
The Williams pear is thought to date from 1765 to 1770 from the yard of an Aldermaston , England , schoolmaster named Mr. Stair or Mr. Wheeler , giving rise to the now-obscure synonyms Aldermaston pear and Stairs pear .
In September of 1999 , she released a second single called `` Strong Woman '' .
They had hoped that the desert climate would help him recuperate from tuberculosis , but Robertson died in 1914 .
Morocco has a coast on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea .
The Rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying volcanic deposit .
The second batch of 50 cars -LRB- 25 sets -RRB- had hydraulic transmission , and became Class 113s .
The gas , known as Ferret 40 , was used against crowds during the riots following the demolition , although it is designed to penetrate doors and walls .
These colors of the day are the traditional Thai birthday colors .
Olaf Ludwig also signed in 1993 and finished his career with the team .
East of the Highveld , beyond the eastern escarpment , the Lowveld reaches towards the Indian Ocean .
Robert Smith -LRB- November 3 , 1757 -- November 26 , 1842 -RRB- was the second United States Secretary of the Navy from 1801 to 1809 and the sixth United States Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811 .
Sejong was born on May 7 , 1397 , the third son of King Taejong .
Some developing countries have high average standards of living .
Saying that the other side in a conflict is not assuming good faith can be a form of not assuming good faith .
In 1989 , he joined with a number of musicians , including Carlos Santana and Bonnie Raitt to record The Healer , for which he and Santana won a Grammy Award .
After briefly working on the independent circuit and in Extreme Championship Wrestling , Dumas signed with World Wrestling Federation in 1999 .
The reason that taifas developed was that there was an administrative division of the Umayyad Caliphate of CÃ rdoba and also an ethnic division of the elite of this state . It was divided among Arabs -LRB- they werde a powerful but tiny minority -RRB- , Berbers , Eastern European former slaves and Iberian Muslims -LRB- known as MuladÃ es -LRB- those were the great majority -RRB- .
Some 8,500 are employed in the local service sector .
It moved northeastward , passing close but remaining offshore of Long Island .
Shadwell DLR station on the Docklands Light Railway is between the termini of Bank and Tower Gateway to the west and Limehouse to the east .
Foissiat is a commune .
Sometimes the packaging process involves using pre-printed labels , making it impractical to write the best before date in a clearly visible location .
James Moore , known as Slim Harpo , -LRB- January 11 , 1924 â '' January 31 , 1970 -RRB- was a famous blues musician born in Lobdell , Louisiana , USA .
Several new buildings were built for the `` Gothic '' style of the main college building , Flowers Memorial Hall .
Some of these plants are used as spices , vegetables , or drugs .
On March 28 , 1794 , Joseph Louis Lagrange , the president of the commission which developed the metric system , wrote a report to the commission . His report suggested the names dÃ ci-jour and centi-jour -LRB- deciday and centiday in English -RRB- .
A British nobleman , Lord Stanhope , took an interest in Hauser , and gained custody of him late in 1831 .
Rostal played a wide variety of music , but was a particular champion of contemporary works such as BÃ la BartÃ k 's Violin Concerto No. 2 .
The prey population eventually recovers , starting a new cycle .
Commedia dell ` arte , the closest translation being `` comedy of craft '' , -LRB- shortened from commedia dell ` arte all ` improviso , or `` comedy through the art of improvisation '' -RRB- is a form of theater that began in Italy in the mid-16th century characterized by masked `` types '' , the advent of the actress and improvised performances based on sketches or scenarios . Here , arte does not refer to `` art '' as we currently consider the word , but rather to that which is made by gli artigiani -LRB- artisans -RRB- .
Doug Jr. was only 14 years of age at the time , becoming the youngest player to play a shift in a professional hockey league .
Gillian Welch -LRB- ; born October 2 , 1967 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter .
On 26 November 2006 , it became the UK 's best-selling album of 2006 , selling over 1.5 million copies at the end of the year , with a cumulative total of 1.8 million .
Two clauses can be joined with a pronoun .
The area was rich in animals with kangaroos , kangaroo rats , bandicoots , dingos , and two sorts of native cat .
Specifically , it is a nontrivial bundle over the circle S1 with a fiber the unit interval , I = -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- .
After the Congress , Russia gained a larger share of Poland -LRB- with Warsaw -RRB- and , after crushing an insurrection in 1831 , the Congress Kingdom 's autonomy was abolished and Poles faced confiscation of property , deportation , forced military service , and the closure of their own universities .
It is part of the Littlest Pet Shop series . The video game was released on the PC , Wii , and Nintendo DS .
The Lantau Airport Railway turned into two MTR lines , the Tung Chung Line and the Airport Express .
Hull was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1983 .
Gambon , along with Robert Stephens , Derek Jacobi and Frank Finlay , was hired as one of the â to be renownedâ and played any number of small roles .
Galicea Mare is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
In the Upper Midwest of the United States it is sometimes known by the confusing name Norway Pine even though it is not native to Norway . It is the state tree of Minnesota .
While median household income has a tendency to increase up to four persons per household , it declines thereon after .
Sir Philip Anthony Hopkins CBE -LRB- born 31 December 1937 -RRB- is an Academy Award , Golden Globe and Emmy Award-winning movie , stage and television actor .
David AmÃ rico Ortiz Arias -LRB- born November 18 , 1975 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic -RRB- is a Major League Baseball designated hitter who is currently playing for the Boston Red Sox .
Bebhionn is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 16,898,000 km in 820.130 days , at an inclination of 41 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 18 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , and with an eccentricity of 0.333 .
Lozi , also known as Silozi and Rozi , is a Bantu language of the Niger-Congo language family .
Well-known or economically important members of this order include lavender , lilac , olive , jasmine , the ash tree , teak , snapdragon , sesame , psyllium , and a number of table herbs such as mint , basil , and rosemary .
Joseph Hewes -LRB- January 23 , 1730 -- November 10 , 1779 -RRB- was a native of Princeton , New Jersey , where he was born in 1730 .
Cavendish has been described as confident , even arrogant .
Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany . In 1952 , it joined with WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden and WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern to make the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
UPN shut down on September 15 , 2006 , and merged with The WB , which was shut down two days later , to form The CW Television Network .
ArÃ s is a commune .
The appellation `` the Red '' most likely refers to his hair color .
`` They kind of swapped me .
These seeds are harvested just before the pods become ripe .
Similarly , in England and Wales in 2006 , 89 % of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks , 9 % between 13 to 19 weeks , and 1.5 % at or over 20 weeks .
Partly in response to the Sharpeville Massacre of 1960 , individual members of the ANC thought violence was needed because peaceful passive protest had failed .
He plays for Vissel Kobe .
It is located in the Hoya de Enriquillo with an area of 265 kmÂ .
To this end a program named `` CNR '' was developed : based on Debian 's Advanced Packaging Tool , it provides an easy-to-use graphical user interface and a slightly modified package system for an annual fee .
Disguised , black-coloured Cybermen were seen briefly in Attack of the Cybermen .
Masaharu Suzuki -LRB- born 3 August 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
As more boats are sent out to catch the fish , many population levels of a type of fish can drop . Then , there are not enough of that kind of fish left to have new kinds of fish .
The 2002 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIX Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States from February 8 , 2002 , through February 24 , 2002 .
He was caught the next day , but while on the run he had killed the horse and cut his brand out of the hide , thus destroying the evidence .
Al-Nasr Benghazi is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi , Libya .
Students in International Communication study English , communications and computers , and students in Languages and Culture also study English and choose another language as their major from Indonesian , Thai , Vietnamese , or Portuguese .
The Province of Naples -LRB- Italian : Provincia di Napoli , Nnapulitano : Pruvincia ' e NÃ pule -RRB- is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
It is preceded by erection of the clitoris and moistening of the opening of the vagina .
It moved glacially , but eventually a trough steered Rosa north and then northeast .
There is a ferry across the Rhine from Remagen every 10 â `` 15 minutes in the summer .
Vesuvius has a long historic and literary tradition .
Dixie County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
A small village located 30 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- west-northwest of Arras at the junction of the D104 with the D99 road .
The canton of Aargau was founded and Lenzburg became the capital of the district in 1803 .
Then in 2009 , the video wall was replaced by 36 HD flat-panel monitors .
The actual crossing is the final step of the journey , which is then complete .
Wolgemut was the leading artist in Nuremberg at the time , and had a large workshop making different types of works of art , in particular woodcuts for books .
Challis later found out that he had seen the planet twice in August , failing to recognize it owing to his careless approach to the work .
Scilly has been inhabited since the Stone Age and its history has been one of subsistence living until the early 20th century -LRB- people lived from what they could get from the land or the sea -RRB- .
It was found by Holman , et al . in 2000 , and given the designation S\/2000 S 11 .
The Colorado Avalanche are a professional ice hockey team based in Denver , Colorado , United States .
Professor Vahakn N. Dadrian , currently the director of Genocide Research at Zoryan Institute , is researcher and historian of the Armenian Genocide .
It is home to the Katholische UniversitÃ t EichstÃ tt-Ingolstadt , the only Catholic university in Germany .
Bank president John McCloy selected France to be the first recipient of World Bank aid ; two other applications from Poland and Chile were rejected .
He started twenty-seventh but finished eighth in the # 18 Joe Gibbs Driven Performance Oil Chevrolet .
KÃ penick part of the German capital city of Berlin . It is at the meeting place of two rivers , the Dahme and Spree .
Because meanders only form on flat plains , the river must have formed before the ranges were pushed up ; this happened in a mountain building event referred to as the Alice Springs Orogeny which peaked between 400 and 300 million years age -LRB- Devonian to Carboniferous Periods -RRB- , .
Jonathan is a member of the Ijaw ethnic group .
The Australian Antarctic Territory -LRB- AAT -RRB- is the part of Antarctica claimed by Australia and is the largest part of Antarctica claimed by any nation .
She was born in Yerevan , Armenian SSR , but she left the country together with her family when she was five years old , because of the Nagorno-Karabakh War .
Preliminary work on land around the stadium started in September 2010 .
Precapillary muscles are rings of smooth muscles at the start of true capillaries that handle blood flow into true capillaries and control blood flow through a body part or area .
Students can be awarded a Bronze Eagle Badge in Phase 1 , a Silver Eagle Badge in Phase 2 , a Gold Eagle Badge in Phase 3 and a Trophy in Phase 4 .
At the European elections in 2005 there was a crime in Malmeneich . A citizen went to elect five times .
Its units are siemens per meter per molarity , or siemens meter-squared per mole .
Bujold appeared in a variety of roles for Canadian and U.S. television , notably for NBC 's Hallmark Hall of Fame in George Bernard Shaw 's classics Saint Joan in 1967 , which earned her an Emmy Award nomination , and Caesar and Cleopatra in 1976 , opposite Sir Alec Guinness . She also appeared in Jean Anouilh 's Antigone for PBS 's Great Performances in 1974 .
She will be in the Jonas Brothers ' brand new Disney Channel series JONAS as `` Stella Malone '' , the boys ' stylist and childhood best friend .
Max Ferdinand Perutz FRS OM CBE -LRB- Vienna , Austria , 19 May 1914 â `` Cambridge , England , 6 February 2002 -RRB- was an Austrian-born British molecular biologist .
The sound is intended to communicate an emotional subtext .
They owned many coal mines , pits and other companies in Springside and other places .
In 2001 , several MÄ ori tribal groups from New Zealand threatened legal action against Lego for allegedly trademarking MÄ ori words used in naming the Bionicle product range .
In 907 Herisau is mentioned for the first time , the canton -LRB- Appenzell : abbatis cella -RRB- is named first in 1071 .
Chess historian H.J.R. Murray wrote that Staunton 's letter and article should have been interpreted as a courteous refusal of the offer , but that Morphy interpreted them differently , and one of the main reasons for his visit to Europe in 1858 was the hope of playing a match with Staunton .
On February 7 , 2011 , AOL announced it would acquire The Huffington Post for US$ 315 million .
AT Internet Institute was formerly known as XiTi .
Physical fitness has two components : general fitness -LRB- a state of health and well-being -RRB- and specific fitness -LRB- the ability to perform specific aspects of sports or occupations -RRB- .
Unlike the Short-beaked Echidna which eats ants and termites the Long-beaked species eats earthworms .
Monroe received positive reviews and the film grossed more than double its production costs .
The province as of June 20 2006 is divided into the following municipalities -LRB- municipios -RRB- and municipal districts -LRB- distrito municipal - D.M. -RRB- within them :
The Paralympic anthem is `` Hymn de l'Avenir '' or `` Anthem of the Future '' .
The Golden eagle -LRB- Aquila chrysaetos -RRB- is one of the best known birds of prey in the Northern Hemisphere .
Johnny Shines -LRB- April 26 1915 â `` April 20 1992 -RRB- was an American blues singer and guitarist .
Old explosives are thus more dangerous -LRB- i.e. , liable to be triggered to explode by very small disturbances , even trivial jiggling -RRB- than more recently manufactured explosives .
It is about 4 kilometres in diameter and appears gray similar to C-type asteroids .
The famous river Padma borders Rajshahi division on the south and another famous river , Jamuna , lies across the eastern border .
Mount Katahdin is both the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail , which extends to Springer Mountain , Georgia , and the southern terminus of the new International Appalachian Trail which , when complete , will run to Belle Isle , Newfoundland and Labrador .
She appeared as herself in the 1992 documentary `` Parajanov : The Last Spring '' , about Sergei Parajanov , a film-maker of Armenian descent who was persecuted by the Soviet authorities .
It was reported that he had been in a coma for four days before his family had life support removed and he died on September 29 , 2010 .
Their development progresses through three morphologic forms : the very young animals have a single pair of fins , an intermediate form has two pairs , and the mature form again has one .
However , the Blackpool bid organisers pledged to continue the work in getting government approval for a ` supercasino ' .
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard , et al . in 2001 , and given the designation ' .
Aylesbury is the county town of Buckinghamshire in south central England .
